Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So, go ahead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: though. Yeah, I will. As Kenzo is still bad at picking locks. I'll have a look at the lock. What's going on with this last revision.
Timothy Sackton: So it's pretty rusty
Timothy Sackton: Walk it itself is
Timothy Sackton: So basically it's like iron, iron bars with a door that swings open, which itself is not locked at all, but does a chain.
Timothy Sackton: Running through
Timothy Sackton: To the bars and was a big like fist sized padlock
Timothy Sackton: But yeah, you can, you could
Timothy Sackton: Make an attempt. If you'd like to try and pick it.
Timothy Sackton: Make a
Timothy Sackton: Dexterity check and then add to
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's pretty
Timothy Sackton: It's pretty rusty you
Timothy Sackton: Spend a while kind of
Timothy Sackton: Tinkering with it a little bit, but
Timothy Sackton: It seems like the
Timothy Sackton: The sort of pins on the lock have like fuse the little bit or rusted together.
And it's
Timothy Sackton: beyond your skill to
Timothy Sackton: To pack, but it doesn't seem to be in particularly
Timothy Sackton: particularly great shape it just
Kate Sackton: Mash it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think I think whistling if you maybe with your new Warhammer.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That might be that might be the way to do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fortunately, it's a little too risky for my skills here.
Kate Sackton: I knew where hammer requires it to me.
Mike Sackton: Wow. Is somebody. I mean, we could just use a crowbar
Kate Sackton: I mean, I
Guess.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you have person.
Kate Sackton: I have a Warhammer apparently
Kate Sackton: That with has a crow. Crow crow bar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like asks
Timothy Sackton: Just make a regular tackle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: So you you take a few cracks at it and after maybe three solid blows the walk itself just shatters
Timothy Sackton: Bringing sounds echoing down the the tunnel as the the padlock gives away.
Timothy Sackton: Cracking and
Timothy Sackton: Splitting and half
Timothy Sackton: From the roster.
Timothy Sackton: Door knock out perfectly capable of swing open
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should we wait for will be to proceed. He can catch up with us.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You can catch up with you.
Timothy Sackton: So the tunnel.
Timothy Sackton: Is a
Timothy Sackton: Obviously crude construction.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't
Timothy Sackton: The doors.
Timothy Sackton: To the doors that does not seem very nervous at all. It's rough hewn it's not you know it's not particularly smooth or
Timothy Sackton: Decorated or, you know, live in a way that dwarfing construction usually would be, it doesn't have any of the elegance.
Timothy Sackton: Of your people.
Timothy Sackton: Right, it has straight East
Timothy Sackton: Sloping slightly down
Timothy Sackton: Heading exactly in the direction you want to go.
Timothy Sackton: And so as you begin to pace down
Timothy Sackton: This tunnel.
Timothy Sackton: Traveling maybe 1000 feet.
Timothy Sackton: 1500 feet.
Timothy Sackton: You then find yourself.
Timothy Sackton: Coming to a place where it begins to turn and slope slightly up curving to the right, like a corkscrew.
Timothy Sackton: Going
Timothy Sackton: In a full 360 degree twist.
Timothy Sackton: Opening up into a small cramped cavern with a hole in the ceiling leading up and some like
Timothy Sackton: Bits of iron spikes or something.
Timothy Sackton: hammered into the into the
Timothy Sackton: Tunnel, as if they're used to be a rope ladder or something fastened here to
Timothy Sackton: Lead up into this, into the ceiling.
Eric Rosenbaum: So can we see daylight.
Timothy Sackton: No its pitch black.
Timothy Sackton: That's a good point. Actually, are you so Kenzo, are you, you have your torch or your drift globe or
Timothy Sackton: Are you just stumbling in the dark. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've got, I've got
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't have a drift globe. I just have the
Mike Sackton: Ground to drift clubs.
Timothy Sackton: dwarfing crystals. The door then like crystals. I'm just using my dress globe stats.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, you
Eric Rosenbaum: Know,
Eric Rosenbaum: This one where 1000 feet from the
Eric Rosenbaum: Torben outpost. Where does that put us relative to
Eric Rosenbaum: Everything else
Eric Rosenbaum: Would say
Kate Sackton: Probably still wouldn't be
Timothy Sackton: Ah, well, it was about half a mile at the mouth of the valley.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: quarter mile
Eric Rosenbaum: Which is
Timothy Sackton: Could be across 1500 feet.
Timothy Sackton: I mean your map is not to scale. It's a little hard to say whether you're
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm, so we don't know where we are relative to the fortress.
Timothy Sackton: No, you don't know if you're under the fortress or under the gates.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You hear the water call
Eric Rosenbaum: Good call.
Timothy Sackton: Know, and you look pretty far down mean it was sloping down and then sloping up
Eric Rosenbaum: And we're in. There's just, there's been no branches in the tunnel, we
Eric Rosenbaum: We went way up and then it spiraled spiraled once all the way around.
Timothy Sackton: And now they're going off.
Eric Rosenbaum: The shaft going straight up above us. Yep.
Kate Sackton: There's no way to continue doing any other direction.
Kate Sackton: Correct.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who's a good climber.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'm okay climber.
Mike Sackton: I wish I mean I'm not a very good climber.
Timothy Sackton: Climate would normally be athletics.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: Not a big athlete over here, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Know what I'm not like an acrobatic. That's what I am. I guess I'm bad at climbing. Yeah.
I'm athletic
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh really,
Timothy Sackton: You want to try climbing up
Kate Sackton: There so I should rule that role. Yep.
Mike Sackton: I'm here. Take some rope.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was gonna say
Kate Sackton: I'm just gonna
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Row reason doesn't need a rope.
Timothy Sackton: Just like whatever I'm climbing up and just sort of begin
Mike Sackton: The rope isn't for Islam is for the rest of us who can't climb.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah, you begin I'm
Timothy Sackton: Sort of pulling your way up the the tunnel is the this tunnel goes up, maybe about 40 feet.
Timothy Sackton: It's fairly narrow and there's these like iron spikes nailed into the wall into the stone every
Timothy Sackton: Three feet or so that actually make the climbing much easier.
Timothy Sackton: When you
Timothy Sackton: Get to the top. Hold on just a sec shorts are you
Kate Sackton: Happy. Are they spaced easily for me to reach you. Do I have to stretch because they're more human space.
Timothy Sackton: They're not space for climbing. It's like their space for
Kate Sackton: Holding
Timothy Sackton: Like a rope ladder to be tied on to
Timothy Sackton: When you can, whether you know they didn't make it easier for you to climb. I'm
Kate Sackton: Originated
Timothy Sackton: Ah, hey Schwartz. Are you there.
David Schwartz: I am
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. Amazing.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Are you are you are you about ready to return or
David Schwartz: Yes, I am. I'm logging into my computer right now so I'm consider me returned
Timothy Sackton: Back. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you
Timothy Sackton: Do you still have the message I sent you or did you lose it with the signing in and out.
David Schwartz: I don't know.
David Schwartz: I probably won't let me see.
Timothy Sackton: I'll send it again.
David Schwartz: Yeah, no, I don't have it.
Timothy Sackton: Oops.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Did you get that
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so when when as you come to the top of the
Timothy Sackton: As you come to the top of this tunnel, it opens up into a
Timothy Sackton: Into a large, large ish maybe 2030 feet across.
Timothy Sackton: cavern.
Timothy Sackton: Also kind of rough you not super
Timothy Sackton: Not
Timothy Sackton: Not sort of elaborate almost like store room or something.
Timothy Sackton: It feel to
Timothy Sackton: Be empty and
Timothy Sackton: There's like little bits of trash refuse kind of scattered around like you know a few, you know, a shattered piece of glass.
Timothy Sackton: You know, a few bits of blades of weapons or something like that, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Little pieces of fabric or something of, you know, just left behind, but it seems like, ah,
Timothy Sackton: The feeling you get is like an echo EMT store.
Timothy Sackton: There is a passage way that leads out
Kate Sackton: passageway.
Timothy Sackton: Level passenger
And
Kate Sackton: east, west, north
Timothy Sackton: The passageway we
Timothy Sackton: Sort of South West
Eric Rosenbaum: Southwest
Eric Rosenbaum: That's back the way we came
Kate Sackton: All right, well, I will
Kate Sackton: Send down that was rope.
Kate Sackton: Rope speed, you're applying them when I think when a sufficient I have to go.
Mike Sackton: Wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: While we're waiting, also, I'm just investigating as per usual, if there's anything weird
Eric Rosenbaum: About the local geology.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Eric Rosenbaum: Scratching and sniffing at the mall.
Eric Rosenbaum: In
Eric Rosenbaum: Iraq and looking at occasionally
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I'm
Timothy Sackton: Sorry. So yes, interestingly enough, this seems to be
Timothy Sackton: Something that was
Timothy Sackton: It's definitely it seems like it's been excavated more recently than
Timothy Sackton: Than the main Dorfman area.
Timothy Sackton: Possibly within the last hundred to 200 years. It doesn't have the sort of ancient feel that the
Timothy Sackton: Durban outpost does in terms of the the sort of age of the construction and the age. I mean things. Things don't whether fast in small underground areas.
Timothy Sackton: But this definitely seems this title definitely seems newer
Timothy Sackton: Make a make a
Timothy Sackton: Intelligence check
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: Do you also realize as you're walking past that.
Timothy Sackton: You did pass through an area.
Timothy Sackton: At the sort of lowest point of the tunnel, where
Timothy Sackton: The geology sort of shifted a little bit
Timothy Sackton: Like you're passing, I guess not. The lowest point in the tunnel. About three quarters of the way through the tunnel.
Timothy Sackton: Where you're passing from what was sort of lose sense or not sensitive limestone to harder. Harder rock.
Timothy Sackton: And as you're standing kind of landed a rope that
Timothy Sackton: Was when dropped well becomes creeping up the tunnel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is
David: Let's go back down.
David: Over some of the ground that we covered
David: And also got a look out into the valley, which I think is over us right now.
David: How are things here.
David: We're going up, apparently.
Eric Rosenbaum: Found some kind of cavern up there.
Eric Rosenbaum: seems safe enough
David: Well, I've got a few things to update you on
David: One is I found a barracks area of that must have been barracks for hub goblins. So whenever they came. This is maybe
David: Eight years ago or more. I mean, there was dust over everything.
David: There was a sign that we're open fires that they live in there. So how about this massive camper stayed there for some amount of time. I found
David: How goblin money, I think, and I pull out a handful of
David: Small silver just stamped with the black and call claw mark.
David: And silver and copper
David: Oh, and I found this too. I pull up a book.
David: I think it's a long book. I think it's hobgoblin but I don't read it.
David: To any of us know hobgoblin
Timothy Sackton: Wonderfully choice, folks.
David: When I look at it. So I open it up and I show you
David: There the short entries at the top of which there are some like small sort of repeating words so I I think these are dates. I think these are like date entries
David: If any of us happened to speak.
Timothy Sackton: Just
David: Go inside
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nope. Me. I mean, I could
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Happen to be hot but I actually Tim just I need to be true to my character. I don't think has it with the hobgoblin
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like you know i mean like I could but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My language is in a quantum state that could settle in the hobgoblin but I feel like it's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: True to my character I would that be
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Um,
David: The other thing I found, I found the armory. There's nothing left. Oh, except this really gross thing. So, you know, they're pillars in the corners of the room.
David: And they had
David: A mummified heads of dead humans sitting on them.
David: Oh dear. So that's the thing I haven't seen before.
David: Maybe that's I've got one thing that I don't know what it was. It was weird.
Eric Rosenbaum: Heads of humans in the door of an outpost.
David: Well, right. So, it
David: You know, it's, I don't know how to date. How old dried out heads are
But
David: You know, they could have been roughly the same time as the hub governments. I mean, that's, I don't really know how to judge the dust. But, I mean, it would have been decades, but probably not centuries.
Mike Sackton: Right Raven homeless human right.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So, I mean,
Mike Sackton: If the whole place was overrun.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe the goblins use the Durban.
Eric Rosenbaum: stronghold as their as their base of operations.
Kate Sackton: But when you say mummified. Do you mean like possibly just accidentally dried out, or do you mean like intentionally preserved in a mummification
David: Just
David: tried out. Hang on, let me consult my memory.
Timothy Sackton: Madison jack
Timothy Sackton: Maybe just try it out.
Timothy Sackton: Really, how
Well,
David: Presumably they were killed violently right because
David: The heads were not attached. There are no other body parts.
Kate Sackton: I'm thinking trophies versus part of some sort of spell or something.
David: Just trophies. I mean,
David: The room. They were in wasn't like a super dry room.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So,
David: I don't think it was just regular old heads that they put on pillars that happened to they wouldn't have dried up in a room that they were so someone must have done something to them.
David: To prepare them in that way.
Eric Rosenbaum: So anything else we can determine from the log book, for example, does it end in an entry that
Eric Rosenbaum: trails off with a written script you
Timothy Sackton: Know, because real people don't
Write
Timothy Sackton: As they are being killed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it descend into insanity. For instance,
Or
Timothy Sackton: No, just kind of flipping through and
Timothy Sackton: You know, it does seem to have a series of dates, if the if the words on the top of each entry are like a month in a year.
Timothy Sackton: And based on the frequency
Eric Rosenbaum: At which
Timothy Sackton: Words change. It's probably, probably something like
Timothy Sackton: Three year three years of entries that it represents
Timothy Sackton: But it doesn't end in a you know trail of blood or
Mike Sackton: Is it fall or does it end partway through the book.
Timothy Sackton: It ends partway through the book.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh wait.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, I just let's let's try to piece this all together, going back a little bit of us know mine so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At the time of the Great War, what was happening here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 200 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: Who has a history proficiency.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I think I might kind of know some stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I do. Yeah, I do.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, Kenzo and secret. Give me a history.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dope, nevermind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just, just
Eric Rosenbaum: Boy.
David: We know it was a done Mario posts that right
David: manda post
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right. And so when we're when we're when was it that the Denmark and the dwarves were trading.
Timothy Sackton: Here. Sorry, let me just, I was messaging me just
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean, basically what you know is that ravens hold was a
Timothy Sackton: John Murray outpost before the Great War and dwarfing, he was awarded Durban trading post. And this was a center of of trade in exchange between the Donmar in the doors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And Riesling your, your ancestors were here last year. How long ago.
Timothy Sackton: So that was at the end of the Great War. At the end of the Great War, there was a bunch of incursions of various kinds of bullets hob goblins and
Timothy Sackton: Other more esoteric creatures.
Timothy Sackton: Coming from the mountain into the north of Denmark have done more.
Timothy Sackton: And during that time.
Timothy Sackton: This area was overrun.
Timothy Sackton: The doors flag.
Timothy Sackton: Obviously not every single one of them escaped.
Timothy Sackton: They fled in advance of the, you know, of the raids coming from the, from the mountains.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Then there's some
Timothy Sackton: Period of history, you don't really know
Timothy Sackton: So after this fat after it after the Great War, there was sort of chaos and the done Mari don't really know their history, super well in that time because whole country was disorganized.
Timothy Sackton: The doors have to abandon this area at that
Timothy Sackton: Point. So
Timothy Sackton: The doors don't know
Timothy Sackton: And then at some point.
Timothy Sackton: You know, and so that was the basically the past 200 years so it's not entirely clear what was happening. So it's one point, clearly it was overrun.
Timothy Sackton: The human and the dwarves flat during the Great War, the doors never come back, came back, whether the humans that are not, you don't really know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, but, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh,
Mike Sackton: Are all these hobgoblin science from the Great War. I mean, did we we don't we think the more recent very
David: You think they're within the last century.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, one within the last one I mean your memory Welby was
Timothy Sackton: You know hundred hundred 50 years ago, but that doesn't necessarily mean that the
Timothy Sackton: The hobgoblin clan itself is not older
David: Yeah, the, um, the, the blackened telling symbol was a standard of Huck upwind tribe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, so I'll be so based on what you seen then it feels like in this kind of period of kind of chaos after the Great War. After the dwarves abandon this keep
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It seems that hobgoblin is use this as some kind of a base for some period of time. But then something caused them to abandon their
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, here's a question for everybody. I mean, other than the folks that we just saw is this place still occupied
Mike Sackton: There's something in the keep rate.
David: Well, I'll tell you what I saw.
David: I managed to find
David: Exterior windows arrow slits from guard routes facing out into the, you know, into the valley between here and keep
David: And
David: I could see the Durban road that goes to that we saw the entrance that goes across the valley that goes over the river and to the gatehouse of ravens hold
David: And I could see there was
David: Three of those humanoid hyenas.
David: And they were driving a pack of wild dogs toward the gates like hurting them.
David: Like shepherding them into the gates of ravens hold and
David: Stranger, though. Way up high.
David: There's something watching them following their progress overseeing it maybe this bat like thing with a demon. He sort of body and long claws and spiky back and
David: It was unpleasant.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where was this beast.
David: So that was high up in flight over the plane. Well, the noles for hurting. These dogs with gates.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He was flying
David: On enormous bat wings. It's
David: Just nice and regular size bad way.
Timothy Sackton: It looked
Timothy Sackton: At your first glance it looks like just, you know, a slightly oversized back, but then you pulled out your Spyglass in your life.
Timothy Sackton: And you saw these other teachers.
David: Oh, so it wasn't just distance that made it look small
Timothy Sackton: It was like really was.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Without your Spyglass you would not have been able to tell about it wasn't just the bat.
David: We have the spyglass
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, good, good. I was getting freaked out. There's somewhat flying demon monsters.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it's
David: I mean the picture that TIM SENT ME super duper looks like a flag demon monster.
Timothy Sackton: Big
Mike Sackton: Just a small flight demon monster. I'm not sure why that makes it better.
Mike Sackton: But
David: Yeah, it's probably just 150 pixels square
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So with this alone. This piece that you saw it was, it didn't seem intelligent, was it you felt like that was the master that it had other masters.
David: It's a good question and I can't properly say intelligent, in the sense that it seemed like it was watching. I mean, this wasn't just a
David: You know buzzer circling it was clearly watching and tracking their progress, but whether it was a reporter or a master, I
Eric Rosenbaum: Where they watching it.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you guys
David: Know, Tim.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it's hard to say. I mean, now that they work. You can tell whether they were aware of it. They were currently focused on driving a pack of wild dogs.
Timothy Sackton: They weren't like glancing up every minute that check on that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wonder if it's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know this view that you have as a keep well the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, we're here to learn, you know, we're here to understand what's going on. I wonder if it's worth spending some time in that keep than just watching for a while.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And just see what's happening because what are they doing with those dogs are they transforming them. Are they amassing on army like what's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wonder if it may be worth it for us to spend some time just observing this valley for a little bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually a meta game. Are we under time pressure
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To kind of our that like are we trying to get back at a certain time.
Mike Sackton: We did have it, but it was weeks. I mean, it was on the order of weeks, not
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and there are horses waiting as usual. Right, right.
Timothy Sackton: But so far, we've only it's only been like six hours that you've
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Been. Right, right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Travel so yeah well the I wonder, you know, this you that you have to keep because if we're under the valley right now. You know, if we keep traveling through this tunnel, we're going to end up
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In ravens hold probably at some point. And it's feels like we don't know what we're up against what we're
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Seeing and I don't know it feels like maybe we you found a spot where we can get some more intelligence, where we can learn more about the movements of these creatures and just studied for a while.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's interesting thought.
Mike Sackton: Where does this mean, where does
Mike Sackton: Raise one. Where did the cavern go though. Well, I mean,
Mike Sackton: I guess.
Kate Sackton: We've been having such an interesting conversation. I haven't explored it goes off to the southwest. I figured you were all
Mike Sackton: Right. Okay. That's right, tunnels, the southwest. So I was trying to remember
Kate Sackton: Is the only way to go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wonder
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wonder if maybe
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just to make the most of our time maybe
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, some comment, maybe while be and I can go back to the keep that just keep walk for a while and just see what's going on and
Mike Sackton: What do you say to keep you mean the dwarves and struggle. Right. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we've been using the word keep to refer to the
Mike Sackton: That they keep
Eric Rosenbaum: The main fortress on the east side coming from the west side.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, there's residence hall, which is the actual
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that's what other people are using the word keep to refer to. So yeah, right.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so make
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure you keep
Mike Sackton: You where you are in the in the stronghold not
David: To be a struggle to watch
David: Again, or
Mike Sackton: Watching the key.
David: Purposely it's late afternoon. Now, so I don't disagree with the strategy, but maybe it's what phases. The moon. I don't know if we'll be able to see anything overnight.
Mike Sackton: Or any of you geologist people able to guess where we might be that a passage going south west with makes sense.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My suggestion is just that maybe we split up right now at a couple of us just for the remainder of the day, as long as there's like kind of try to keep an eye on what's going on in the valley.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then a few of us can continue to map out and understand what's going on with these tunnels very quietly, very cautiously not making not trying to attract attention to ourselves and you know better sense of the lay of the land. We can reconvene in a few hours and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, you know, because I just, I'm just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know I hate caves. I hate caves. I don't like what we are. I don't like this place that we're going to this whole thing is not. It makes me really uneasy. I don't want us emerging through some tunnel into who knows what the hell, what, um, I don't know. It feels like it just
Eric Rosenbaum: Comes out
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: About these tunnels under here. Be cautious about it. And then, you know, a couple of us can just keep an eye on the valley, and he was moving on. Just get a better picture because I hate bats. I'm like, I just, I mean, this whole thing and I'm just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I miss being in a city. This is this whole situation is just not. Anyways, I'm just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm not mad at us here.
David: I agree. I feel like the more that we've seen the less confident. I am that we have any chance at all of
David: Making it through.
David: Speaking of which, the other thing that may be interesting to take
David: A look down there is there's this mechanical Iron Man, that keeps walking back and forth down one of the side branches.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like
David: That, that might be something really interesting to check out. Hey,
Eric Rosenbaum: Hang on. You didn't mention this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Before for some reason.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm curious what the heck you're talking
Eric Rosenbaum: What
Timothy Sackton: I can, though this is not five branches down this tunnel back in that
David: Struggle.
Mike Sackton: So wait, does it mechanical Iron Man patrolling the dwarves and strong.
David: Yes.
David: Okay, kind of buried the lead.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so
Mike Sackton: Doesn't that be hanging out watching through the windows sounds a little
Mike Sackton: Dangerous
David: Yeah, I mean, there's a barrier of like rubble and stuff.
Mike Sackton: Did the mechanical Iron Man have weapons.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that's a good question. I will tell you in one moment.
David: So Tim, I, I lost the chat thread, but I was prefer just the reading my memory. I
Eric Rosenbaum: Learned a lot. Didn't you say
I
David: It's a really good. I was a little stunned because
David: There was a mechanical man made of iron walking around.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow. That's an unusual site, have I heard about anything like this in the dwarf and tradition.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Any would this be, is there any magical
Mike Sackton: Animated iron creatures that I would have heard of
Ah,
Timothy Sackton: I would say the dwarves make
Timothy Sackton: History checks and you make an are kind of check that one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like Megan are kind of checks you I know
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can make are kinda to
Mike Sackton: Well, I don't know anything.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So he said,
Mike Sackton: Well, he cared know something
Timothy Sackton: Bigger know something. Um, so
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you have this is this is a
Timothy Sackton: Knowledge that
Timothy Sackton: Is not so you haven't seen one of these things, but there are stories of
Timothy Sackton: Of Last Door of a knowledge of
Timothy Sackton: Constructs powered by runes.
Timothy Sackton: Us to guard.
Timothy Sackton: Particularly important strongholds.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Your understanding is the secret of making them is not has been lost.
Eric Rosenbaum: On if
Timothy Sackton: This thing has been around for hundreds of years.
Timothy Sackton: That
Could be.
Timothy Sackton: Not having seen it. It's a little bit hard to tell anymore but
David: This powerful
Eric Rosenbaum: Right. There's no reason to think that it would see us as threats to it. It might question is
Eric Rosenbaum: How would that thing behave
David: So,
David: I assume that it's how the huggable and sisters because I assume this barrier barrier of rebel and such was something that they put up
Eric Rosenbaum: OH two cents it in
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: They couldn't destroy it. They could only sort of like
Eric Rosenbaum: Make a barrier for it. Wow, that's one
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who's the day
Kate Sackton: Kink, are you in
Timothy Sackton: Are you in the
Timothy Sackton: Smile room with the rope leading up are you in the big cave right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we must have all come up to the big cave because there's one didn't come down or anything.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, let's we're all in the big cave
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're all in the really safe place where
Mike Sackton: Nobody's gonna hurt, but whenever the water monsters not that's where we are.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I got at
David: Our beds.
Eric Rosenbaum: And this storm that ran was perhaps the side of a battle hundreds of years ago. We don't know, but their weapons and broken glass and fabric on the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: But no bodies and it was a storeroom. But there's nothing being stored
Timothy Sackton: So, I mean, it doesn't it doesn't so much look like the fight of a battle as just something that was cleared out but not perfectly
Kate Sackton: I'm worried that would be bad.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, right.
Timothy Sackton: And there's a passageway leading at
Kate Sackton: This secret. You notice the gradations of
Kate Sackton: Changing from harder rock limestone. Did that have a symmetry like it could it could it have been like that it
Kate Sackton: represented us going down and back up again and happen in both directions, or was it all like
Eric Rosenbaum: This one point I think I just saw the one transition. Is that right,
Timothy Sackton: So you travel along. Yeah, maybe three quarters or four fifths of the way and then the rock type changed into something that was before you basically shortly before you started spiraling up changed into something that was a harder like metamorphic rock instead of the
Mike Sackton: Third line. Is it possible, we've gotten far enough along that we're actually past the fortress and the Southwest is heading back to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or we're on whatever bedrock the fortress was made on because it's me, I'm
Mike Sackton: Just looking at the map.
Mike Sackton: If you go across we get out of the valley into the bedrock right
Kate Sackton: I'm just thinking, we must have cost.
Mike Sackton: cross the river. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Limestone and now we're in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That make a meta game suggests
Eric Rosenbaum: Again and meta game suggestion. Can we use like a like a mural board or like something actually like dry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because I cannot visualize where the hell we are right now. Is there like a drawing tool or something because
David: Actually
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have a cartographer right like
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well be is like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like both well being and seeker like map should
Eric Rosenbaum: Also, I can like temporarily just like make images appear on the floor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly. Can we, in our game because I literally don't I cannot visualize, like, what is going on right now. Oh, something
Kate Sackton: whiteboard.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we draw on it though.
Timothy Sackton: I think you should be able to
Mike Sackton: I can't
Timothy Sackton: Hold on.
Timothy Sackton: Wait board we
Timothy Sackton: Choose
David: To take maybe
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, choose. See if you try annotate
Mike Sackton: Where does it
Mike Sackton: Now annotate that. There we go. He
Eric Rosenbaum: Who I don't see any option.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I see it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, there we go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice. I was gonna drop penis. Just like instant instant zoom bomb like
Mike Sackton: Okay. Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so, so let's. So what is this. Okay. Well, let me start with the thing here. Alright, so, oh can we put the map in here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can we put the map as like a substrate
Kate Sackton: Probably not the way we're
David: Different skills are going to be challenge.
Timothy Sackton: Which map, though the big map the world map.
Mike Sackton: No, no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm not the, like, I mean I guess I can kind of draw because basically. Yeah, like, Okay, that's great. So this is the yes thank you here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Keep oh yeah okay nice keep are those ravens hold
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so far so good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, moose a moose things
Timothy Sackton: Just out of curiosity, can you still hear the music.
David: Now, no.
David: Just you. So that's the river. That's the mount. Yes. Got it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Putting potential locations that we might be
David: So here's, here's the underground passage to ravens hold with the Iron Gate across mark.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice excellence.
Mike Sackton: But then there's also the bridge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mm hmm.
Mike Sackton: Right. If we do this, we can make there's like the road that goes like that. And here's the bridge.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The dogs, the DOGS. Though the all of the they're getting herded into the keep right because it's because it just as wall around the key like this.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so they were about
Out.
Timothy Sackton: There.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So Tim, in my understanding of
Eric Rosenbaum: limestone formation. Would that be underneath the waterway or not.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: I mean, one way that about a river valley Valley like this could have gotten carved out is if there was a softer rock that was eroded or scraped away by glaciers on water and then harder rock on the sides. That would be one one geological
Mike Sackton: Sure, but so I
Timothy Sackton: could produce the like cliff. He nature of this river valley.
Mike Sackton: My question is, does any of us know have a sense of time and direction and pace well enough to know whether we are here or here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or any of the US question mark here.
Mike Sackton: Or somewhere else.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the main issue being you never really, I guess, actually, well be, why don't you make a
Timothy Sackton: Wait, you didn't take the cartographers background you
David: Do not
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, I thought you made maps weren't really
Timothy Sackton: Fast, but there was a background feature that let him know that direct I
Timothy Sackton: Haven't know that distance to landmarks by just looking at them.
David: Knowledge of local customs instead
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: I'll let you make
Timothy Sackton: A car intelligence check plus your proficiency in darkness to see if you can charge it from your spying
David: Yes, sir.
David: That's 10 plus
Timothy Sackton: 12
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: It was it's you know the distance was based on based on your ability to make out details of the
Timothy Sackton: Of the nose and the bat creature which wasn't that big. They couldn't have been, they must have been like a quarter mile away.
Timothy Sackton: They couldn't have been more than half a mile and probably more like a quarter mile right so like, you know,
Timothy Sackton: What is that that's like less than 1000 feet.
Mike Sackton: So we're probably
Mike Sackton: And we've been going a fair distance right or
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we've gone about 1000 feet.
Timothy Sackton: You've gone between 1015 hundred feet.
Timothy Sackton: The nose. We're almost certainly less than, less than 1000 feet away, based on the distance that you could
Mike Sackton: So we're almost certainly somewhere in what say
Eric Rosenbaum: We're not. We're probably not before the river, we're probably not after the keep
Mike Sackton: We're probably somewhere in that box.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Maybe shifted a little bit to the left.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I think we could be. We could be underneath the blue area where the noles were
Mike Sackton: Maybe more like somewhere in that box.
Eric Rosenbaum: But then why the heck would there be
Eric Rosenbaum: So the tunnel that we're in.
Mike Sackton: If the tunnel goes under here. And if the reason it's shifting. If the rock shifted because we went from
Mike Sackton: Like hear
Mike Sackton: From you know the valley to the mountain and now where we've gone up and we're seeing a passage that goes south. I just think, be weird to have a passage that goes southwest, that doesn't go to the key.
Mike Sackton: Southwest, it means we should like, if that's going to take us out somewhere in the keep our South is that versus West
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that's a good question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, this is what I was trying to understand is, like, as we've been, as we've left this area like as we left the iron gate and started walking
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like, what the hell's going on like I like Congo has like terrible direction sounds Kansas probably better than me, but I do not, I do not understand where we are, like, when we were walking in.
Eric Rosenbaum: We were going east, we were going towards the keep the
Eric Rosenbaum: Total
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: quite straight. Okay, so presumably like under the road.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: He headed straight towards the keep under the road.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. His purposes unclear, but maybe it's got a ton of go into the southwest. It's for like controlling the bridge or something.
Mike Sackton: It could come out somewhere here, but
Timothy Sackton: It's more west and south passageway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, but aren't if we're going east west is back towards the door.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: All right here.
Timothy Sackton: He has a little insert wait
Kate Sackton: Wait, I think I got this is somebody build a tunnel that goes straight out of the door place due east and then goes up a level and heads back mostly West, but a little bit South
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that doesn't make sense.
Mike Sackton: By the purpose of this
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's like going like
Timothy Sackton: Back here in a room that looks like this.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Here's what came up
Mike Sackton: Well, we're not going to find out anything by talking. Why don't we just go down. I mean,
Mike Sackton: I think we should go down the tunnel, at least cautiously go down the tunnel a least a little bit further, where it might emerge.
David: Never mind how these totals work in practice, how do they work in theory.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nicely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay but but but just to say, I mean,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I understand that there's this iron men here, but do we want to spend some time trying to see what's happening in the valley. It feels like it feels like, if we can, if there are high enough creatures in the valley and they're hurting
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A pack of, like, that's what we want to learn. We want to follow these high into creatures we want to track them you want to figure out what they
Mike Sackton: Are if this tunnel emerges in a cleverly hidden
Mike Sackton: secret exit underneath the bridge, we're going to be able to find out more by being there, then by going back to the dwarfing keep
Eric Rosenbaum: Place.
Mike Sackton: PLACE. PLACE. PLACE. PLACE IN THE DOOR with the IR guy and the wind is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The Durban stronghold.
Mike Sackton: If, on the other hand, the tunnel seems to lead directly into the key. Maybe it's
Kate Sackton: Yeah, let's not go there.
Mike Sackton: But maybe we maybe we watch longer before we go through
Mike Sackton: Here now.
Eric Rosenbaum: One other factor.
Eric Rosenbaum: We've not discussed is the role in the past and also now have the terrifying brain eating creatures.
Eric Rosenbaum: We've only found one dead one and heard rumor. Otherwise, but they may have had an important role in the dynamics of change over time with respect to the top goblins in the humans, we just don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree. But why, why can't we do both. Why can't, why can't you know wanted
Eric Rosenbaum: My sort
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of I'll be going scout
Eric Rosenbaum: That wasn't a suggested in particular so much as we're all gonna die. Quite possibly, depending on exactly what we choose to explore not
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look, man, I think the likelihood. We're all gonna die here is very high. I'm very pessimistic about our odds, given all this weird shit going on.
Eric Rosenbaum: But that's, I think, a reason not to split up. By the way, a
Mike Sackton: splitting up makes me a little nervous.
Mike Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm resigned to some kind of terrible injury or death here anyways in this fucking cave so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wherever you guys want
David: To hear you volunteer to go first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hello.
David: Well, hey, I think it's worth going back i think i think it's wise to look out again at the valley. See if we can figure out what's going on. I think it's worth seeing. If the dwarves can control the iron guy.
David: And
David: I worry that as time goes on.
David: Our
David: Chance of surprised. Maybe slower the lowering. I mean, if those weird creatures back there decided to leave and go out into the valley.
Mike Sackton: It isn't that argument for going forward, not backward
David: It is. That's why I'm saying
David: The icy things
Eric Rosenbaum: Now listen, folks. Well, while we've been talking I've crafted
Eric Rosenbaum: A handful of tiny little humanoid figurines, which I positioned carefully on the map at our most likely suspected location.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's imagine for a moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: That we're all in the middle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of a vivid, but very strange game.
Eric Rosenbaum: And these tokens represent
Eric Rosenbaum: Us on this map representing the world that we're in right now. And supposing that instead of just doing things to make them happen. We had to decide what to do and that part of those decisions involved, something like this and I take out a set of elaborately carbon stone dice.
Eric Rosenbaum: What if
Eric Rosenbaum: The decisions that we made asked what to do. We're simply governed by the dice themselves. And so an odd role on this cubic six sided die would indicate that we return to the dwarf and stronghold, and even role would indicate that we continue down this tunnel right in front of us here.
Kate Sackton: What about the splitting up option.
David: Whoa, something's moving to the south.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think roll the die again.
David: I make I do that, I just, you're lucky, listen, that direction thing.
Mike Sackton: Tim's tired of us deterring
Eric Rosenbaum: It was about to settle the question.
Timothy Sackton: Make a perception.
Check.
Mike Sackton: In any of us.
Timothy Sackton: Well be
Mike Sackton: Oh really. Wow.
Timothy Sackton: I guess because while being said look around. Yes, you can roll.
Timothy Sackton: You hear from that this Southwest I'm saving this this
Timothy Sackton: This map. By the way, but I'm gonna stop.
Timothy Sackton: Sharing if that's okay.
David: Is super helpful.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, thank you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: Again, we got we got so close to playing a role playing game inside the role playing game.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we were
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Role Playing Game inside the virtual reality zoom will blame game.
Timothy Sackton: But so as as well be says
Timothy Sackton: And points that you ought to be silent and I'd stop talking now the rest of you can hear a noise as if something
Timothy Sackton: Sort of one or two things, not a lot of creatures moving in the from the southwest passage and like a occasional sort of like
Timothy Sackton: As if the top of something hard on stone not like footsteps like objects being thrown or something like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I pointed my drift globe and I look at well be like
Like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I turned it off. Turn it off.
David: Okay. Oh, turn by enough to. I really don't like this.
Timothy Sackton: Black
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, but the three of them can see. Yeah.
Because
Mike Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Are you just gonna wait
Mike Sackton: Wait, how far away, did it sound like
Timothy Sackton: 40 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Not speaking far away.
Mike Sackton: Can we like.
Mike Sackton: All like we should get out of the doorway like emotion for everybody that
David: If it was 40 FEET AWAY. IT 100% salt or light and all of us.
Mike Sackton: Right, that's what's coming out of bed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pens on the geometry of the state.
Timothy Sackton: Has done the geometry of the hallway.
Mike Sackton: But we should not be standing right in front of this all like motion for everybody that to get out of the doorway.
Kate Sackton: Maybe those who can't see are gonna just like any we're going to be seen as soon as they walk in here. So why don't we try to attack them rather than
Mike Sackton: Do you think we should charge
Kate Sackton: I'm just thinking about strategically.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm heading back towards the way we got here the whole unless
Kate Sackton: You're all gonna like, yeah, unless we're going to sign down the full assessment.
David: Think we have to move towards it. Because if it's if it's connected to the key.
David: I mean it already would have seen our light. I mean, any light whatsoever. Down here would have been an indicator to it right so we if it's hostile. We can't let it get away and
David: If it's friendly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you, are we running after it.
David: Yeah, I'm going to illuminate my drift club and work towards like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It. I love it. All right, well let's let's start reading here.
David: I'll raise my hand and the friendly greeting in that direction.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Okay so walking down the passage. After about 15 feet or so.
Timothy Sackton: So the
Eric Rosenbaum: Quarter.
Timothy Sackton: Makes a sharp band and then exits comes out into a another wider quarter that is curving
Your I'll pause this for a second.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah, let me see it. Say you're you walk down you Turner, you turn a little bit of a band and now you're in a sort of a semi semi circular quarter that's curving away from you on either side.
Timothy Sackton: The light of your drift globe illuminating a few entrances.
Timothy Sackton: Both
Timothy Sackton: On the same side as the one you came into and then another quarter leading off almost directly opposite where you where you're standing right now but at about a, you know, enough of a of a
Timothy Sackton: Offset that you can't see down and down that other quarter is where the noise seems to be coming from. It's slightly louder. Now,
Timothy Sackton: Doesn't seem to be coming towards you. It's almost sounds like something is rooting around in something
Mike Sackton: So there's two ways can we pinpoint the location of the sound. It's in this room somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: Know there's your inner corner you can either go to the right or the left or
Timothy Sackton: Go five feet to the left and then go down, it's, it's like a four way intersection, except the to the passage. You're coming down and the one that goes across our offset by about 10 feet and the
Timothy Sackton: Song is
Mike Sackton: So it's like a step down.
Kate Sackton: Cambridge love
Timothy Sackton: It's not down it's offset.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I see.
Timothy Sackton: Right. It's like a
Timothy Sackton: Like a four way intersection. You can either go
Mike Sackton: Horizontal not vertically. Yeah.
Horizontally
Mike Sackton: And the noise is coming from across the way.
Timothy Sackton: From down that horizontally offset.
Mike Sackton: Which is still going west.
Timothy Sackton: Which is going west. Yes.
Mike Sackton: We tried to maintain some elements of surprise.
Kate Sackton: That'd be my preference, but I'm not very stealthy.
Kate Sackton: But I can see there
David: You could take a look
Eric Rosenbaum: seems sensible to me.
Mike Sackton: Disability again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You see in the dark.
Mike Sackton: I'll cast and visibility and go speak.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Make a stop check. I'll say with advantage because you're invisible and work.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna keep that role. I can't roll better
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow, I'm
Timothy Sackton: So down with creeps off down the passageway.
Timothy Sackton: You come about.
Timothy Sackton: 20 feet or so. And the passageway opens up into a large
Timothy Sackton: A large chamber about the 60 feet across, just about the edge of your dark vision at the far end
Timothy Sackton: Doesn't seem to be any exits from this Chamber.
Timothy Sackton: In this Chamber, you can see
Timothy Sackton: There are
Timothy Sackton: In one corner there are the first thing you notice is sort of in one corner about 3040 feet away from you. There are some skeletons some bodies and there are two
Timothy Sackton: Creatures
Timothy Sackton: Rooting through the skeletons like snapping bones.
Timothy Sackton: Kind of trying like seeing if they're, you know, trying to not whatever narrow or neutral.
Timothy Sackton: Flashes left on these bones.
Timothy Sackton: The creatures book vaguely hobgoblin ish but clearly not
Timothy Sackton: Have goblins
Mike Sackton: Today,
Mike Sackton: on all fours. Are they humanoid they
Timothy Sackton: Are humanoid but they're currently sort of crouched down on all fours like snapping. They have like long
Timothy Sackton: Teeth and long claws and they're like snapping the bones and sort of hissing a little bit and
Timothy Sackton: Throwing the bones.
Timothy Sackton: Back as they
Timothy Sackton: kind of try and suck the marrow out
Mike Sackton: Any armor or weapons.
Mike Sackton: That matter.
Timothy Sackton: No no no armor no weapons.
Timothy Sackton: Like ragged bits of, of, you know, cross
Timothy Sackton: Sort of rotting off of them.
Timothy Sackton: But no, but not like wearing any clothes or armor or anything like that. They do look vaguely they look sort of like partially abroad. The dead hobgoblin body is
Mike Sackton: That how God was partially
Timothy Sackton: No, no. The creatures themselves look like look like partially rotten. The things that are snapping
Mike Sackton: Stay was partially they look a dead.
Timothy Sackton: They look undead and also vaguely hobgoblin
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Anything else in
Mike Sackton: This
So,
Mike Sackton: I'm just gonna walk around for a minute. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Um, there are, you know, set on some on the walls. There are like iron manacles dangling
Timothy Sackton: There are some
Timothy Sackton: Messages in done Mari written like
Timothy Sackton: Cleanse but done Marty pestilence with fire and steel and die. Done. Marty Scott and things like that.
Timothy Sackton: Written around the walls.
Timothy Sackton: There is a
Timothy Sackton: Stone platform near where the
Timothy Sackton: Skeletons and bodies are piled
Timothy Sackton: But otherwise, it seems to be relatively empty.
Kate Sackton: Single room like the engines in the way that
Kate Sackton: Human
Kate Sackton: Any way, there's not an exit in the room.
Timothy Sackton: No exit from this room.
Mike Sackton: I will go back to the intersection report on what I saw.
Mike Sackton: But also, I'm kind of keen to go down the other passage way while I'm invisible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Will stay here.
Timothy Sackton: North or South
North
Timothy Sackton: Okay, the passage going north
Timothy Sackton: The passage way.
Timothy Sackton: slopes down slightly.
Timothy Sackton: And it and it's a big it
Curves like a big
Eric Rosenbaum: Arc
Timothy Sackton: And you see counting to your right, one, two passageways leading off, glancing down those passages, they seem to bleed into similar rooms to the one who came up from and then the the
Tunnel.
Timothy Sackton: We ought to have one. The creatures were in to the one that you entered in.
Timothy Sackton: Like store rooms, basically. And then the passage sort of turns West and then sort of southwest and continues.
Timothy Sackton: For
Timothy Sackton: Maybe
Timothy Sackton: 100 ish feet in till you get to
Timothy Sackton: A
Timothy Sackton: What looks like you see a light.
Timothy Sackton: glinting through a kind of pile of rubble and bits of twisted iron and give me a perception check
Timothy Sackton: From behind the rubble. You can hear.
Timothy Sackton: Sound sounds of animals howling of dogs.
Timothy Sackton: The yips
And
Timothy Sackton: gnarls of hyenas. Once you think you catch the roar of a lion.
Mike Sackton: It sounds right.
Timothy Sackton: Fair number from where the light is coming from the other side of them.
Mike Sackton: So like, I'm just trying to envision the Rouse division, the rebel on the floor. How is the rebel isn't like a
Timothy Sackton: Like a collapse.
Timothy Sackton: That has okay
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoo.
Mike Sackton: Well, I'm going to speak a little closer.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's been too long, man.
Timothy Sackton: I'd say this is about
Timothy Sackton: You know, this has only been made.
Timothy Sackton: And it's an
Timothy Sackton: Hour and 10 minutes
Mike Sackton: How long does it doesn't fit our
Timothy Sackton: An hour okay so kinds of time.
Mike Sackton: Can we can get close enough to pure through and see what's there.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: With them.
Timothy Sackton: You're looking out into a
Timothy Sackton: Whole
Get the perspective here.
Timothy Sackton: You're looking out through what looks like the remains of a gatehouse
Timothy Sackton: piles of rubble like like some walls like walls had collapsed a gate. There's bits of twisted iron and things. And what you're looking out across at is a
Timothy Sackton: Stone Plaza in the late afternoon sun.
Timothy Sackton: On the other side of the plaza, a Gate House complex
Timothy Sackton: Looking out
Timothy Sackton: Towards the the mountain. So you're on that you're looking at the inside of the keep it seems like of ravens hold
Mike Sackton: So which direction am I looking
Timothy Sackton: You're looking west.
Mike Sackton: looking west.
Mike Sackton: So can I see the wall around the keep or
Mike Sackton: Yes. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you can see those
Timothy Sackton: Aza. There's a wall. You can see the wall. The gates.
Mike Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: There are
Mike Sackton: In my north or south of the actual
Timothy Sackton: You can't see. I
Mike Sackton: Can't see
Timothy Sackton: You can't see the key.
Timothy Sackton: You can't tell if you're north or south, because you're just looking to like a
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You can see kind of lounging around on the plaza three of the know like the know creatures who seem to be kind of
Timothy Sackton: You know, occasionally like sort of snarling at each other and you know fretting over a bit of dinner not possibly on guard duty but not paying attention if they are
Timothy Sackton: And the animal signs are coming somewhere to your right or or to the north right north, but you can't see any where the animals from
Mike Sackton: But sounds like a lot of animals or a small number.
Timothy Sackton: Sounds like a lot.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So I'll go back
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow.
Mike Sackton: Well, first of all, the same three Knowles
Timothy Sackton: It could be
But
Eric Rosenbaum: Just a few dozen yards away. There are possibly undead magical have gone again.
Mike Sackton: Like they're eating.
Mike Sackton: I assume they didn't come bother you was off sneaking about
Eric Rosenbaum: Know we were terrified and kept silent and still
Mike Sackton: That's, you know, I guess. Seems reasonable it it
Mike Sackton: I am I'm tempted to go walk South briefly.
David: Totally think you should
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're invisible sold all of these are definitely do that. I'm just gonna sit here and be miserable.
Eric Rosenbaum: You
Eric Rosenbaum: Know I rolled the dice and it said we should go back
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're gonna go back. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're going back to the tavern.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have a nice meal the bag.
Mike Sackton: What's to the south.
Timothy Sackton: I'm okay. To the south. The similar to the passageway. To the north, it continues you path to more store rooms, this time on your left.
Timothy Sackton: So it's like there's five storerooms kind of all in a row and then the the passageway again curve south and then starts curbing to the west and sloping up
Timothy Sackton: And at the very far end
Timothy Sackton: You see, you're now looking across a small bridge, maybe five feet so there's there's like a iron gate.
Timothy Sackton: Not locked you could easily push it open, but I assume you don't want to yet.
Mike Sackton: No. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Looking across a small bridge that leads to a solid wooden door in the side of a tower.
Timothy Sackton: To the
Weight
Mike Sackton: So this is working. I'm confused about the this is south of where the other place. I was looking
Timothy Sackton: This is south of where the other places.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're in and look work of tunnels underneath the key.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, basically out at the second floor of a tower. You can see that this enter this iron bars are sat inside a cliff wall.
Timothy Sackton: which extends north south.
Timothy Sackton: And the tower is is largely intact large stone tower.
Timothy Sackton: Just beyond that. There's another tower. So this seems to be like a pair a tower complex that's two large towers and to your right, further south.
Mike Sackton: which direction am I looking
Timothy Sackton: You're looking straight west.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Further south, there is a
Timothy Sackton: What seems to be the main keep complex. There's a inner courtyard. There's a small outbuilding and then there's a three story stone keep
Mike Sackton: And where are the animals.
Timothy Sackton: There to the north of here.
Mike Sackton: So can I see them.
Timothy Sackton: No, you can't see them. You can only hear them faintly, you can't really see north from here because of the way the
Timothy Sackton: Cliff well turns and the way the tower blocks your
Eric Rosenbaum: View.
Timothy Sackton: The tower straight ahead, and then
Timothy Sackton: To the south. You can see the keep
Timothy Sackton: Nothing seems to be moving across these plan across the inner courtyard, at least.
Mike Sackton: But I can't see over the out to the wall that would go
Mike Sackton: Like
Timothy Sackton: outer wall, the power, the pair of towers and the key lock your view of the outer wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: Keep an eye out for bad demons.
Mike Sackton: Yes. Anything in the sky.
Timothy Sackton: Actually make another Perception check
Timothy Sackton: No, there isn't anything in the sky.
Timothy Sackton: So it doesn't
Timothy Sackton: You don't really get the sense of anything sort of moving, although you do, you know, from the keep itself.
Timothy Sackton: You know, one of the sort of main doors are open.
Timothy Sackton: And every now and then, like you see.
Timothy Sackton: Well, no, I guess there's nothing really moving, but the doors are open.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um,
Timothy Sackton: I assume you then at that point return without opening the gate or anything.
Mike Sackton: Or do you want to explore more. I'm not going to open the gate yet but maybe I'll just wait to two or three minutes.
Mike Sackton: And just watch and see if anything happens
Timothy Sackton: Nothing seems to happen after three minutes.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: I'll go back, how long
Timothy Sackton: It's been maybe
Timothy Sackton: 15 minutes
Mike Sackton: Searching and stuff.
Timothy Sackton: The rest of you.
Timothy Sackton: The sound of the about as as down with is turning back.
Timothy Sackton: There is a, like a louder sort of mash sound from down that large cavern.
Timothy Sackton: Knocked out with returns
Timothy Sackton: And there's silence.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just heard that we ought to descend the rope.
Eric Rosenbaum: I start descending the rope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you tell us the things you learned
Mike Sackton: Yeah yeah
Mike Sackton: When we're back in the rope. I guess when we descend the rope all
Mike Sackton: Yes, all I'm still invisible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long you stay invisible dollar
Mike Sackton: An hour
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel like I feel like if the wrong step, the closer we get to this keep whatever the hell is going on with these animals and the noles there's something in here. There's something happening.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel like if we start making too much noise. I don't think we're in a situation where we're going to pull out our weapons and fight. Everything that's in there and when i don't i don't think this is our. This is our mode here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Belen you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If you are able to be invisible. While these pretty stealthy Mr at that too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know, I feel like we need to scout, we need to scout and just see more about what we're up against. Because if we wander in the wrong place. And we pull out we start getting into a fight the cluster to that thing. I don't know. Feels like where it's it's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel like we need to learn more. We got to be really quiet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. To learn more
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I felt like waiting by that door visible and watching would have been a good movie.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you want it.
Mike Sackton: While I'm nervous about the
Mike Sackton: The two undead hob goblins seem like a bit might have to
Mike Sackton: Eliminate Them for it to be safe to sit somewhere waiting
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You think they're. Do you think there with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The noles or they just unrelated or like, Okay, what's going on with these things here like are they
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Coordinated or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Iron the Iron Man Like are they connected or is it just a bunch of random I fucking hate this place.
Eric Rosenbaum: We think the Iron Man is a dwarf and relic.
Mike Sackton: I think we're gonna be better scouting and working at what's happening from here then going back
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I'm fine with that wherever we can be quiet. Be think we should kill these problems.
Mike Sackton: I do
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We kill quietly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we could
Mike Sackton: If we can catch them in the dungeon. I don't think that noise will travel too far.
Kate Sackton: In the room. They were in had no exit not like they're gonna run off.
Mike Sackton: It was clearly a dungeon to. I mean, it's probably
Mike Sackton: I mean, it was that seems like a thick walls.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it noisy up there if we if we kill them or we do you think we're gonna. Did you see anything else that we would, that would alert them or you think we could tell them fast and
Mike Sackton: I think we could kill them fast.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't put them to sleep.
Mike Sackton: How many dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They're dead.
Mike Sackton: They were they did have rotting flesh rotting off them.
Mike Sackton: So, I mean, I don't think they were you know alive.
David: And dead.
David: What are they on this side of that locked gate when all the other hug government science. We're on the other side of that lucky.
David: Who left the gate.
Mike Sackton: What would create something like
Mike Sackton: Do we know anything about how a dead get created.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mind flares.
Timothy Sackton: Know my players. Definitely don't create on, Dad.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, yeah.
Make
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Some iconic it
Timothy Sackton: I get I guess this would be more religion, who has religion.
Mike Sackton: Now, I don't, I wrote the 22 Arcana
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ignore my roles.
On fire.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: So I guess from Dr. Connor perspective. Yeah, I mean, there's lots of ways undead get created right there's
Timothy Sackton: You know, magic, right.
Timothy Sackton: A chromatic magic concrete and dad.
Timothy Sackton: You know curses of various kinds that prevent souls from traveling on can create on, Dad.
Timothy Sackton: There's
Timothy Sackton: You know there are definitely some
Timothy Sackton: On dad that you know basically anything that can sort of imbue unnatural energy into dead bodies can create on death so
Mike Sackton: I think what I'm most interested, is it, it could be. Does the, I mean, could this be a something weird is going on at the keep so a dead body has accidentally gotten a beautiful natural with some creepy energy
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: That is definitely possible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Practically speaking, since they're in a room with one exit. Can we trap them in there by blocking the exit somehow
Mike Sackton: I thought about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there any loose material.
Timothy Sackton: Not, not really. Here, I mean, down at the other at the north end of the tunnel. There's tons of rubble in that where that collapsed, but it's kind of far away from that.
David: We could we fill that in with rebel though without them. Notice Simon eating us
Kate Sackton: So I thought that those creatures that we encountered before where I'm dead, but they weren't so if we really think these are undead. I believe that my faith can give me the capacity to
Kate Sackton: Make them fear us so that if we are attacking as long as we keep them from completely running away if they're really trapped in fact, they'll be less able to defend themselves or attack us if if I if I call upon my my faith to
Kate Sackton: Counteract their undead tendencies, but
Kate Sackton: That's only if they're really undead much, it didn't. I tried this prayer before with the creatures in the
Kate Sackton: Urban stronghold, and they were not afraid of my God's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Creatures, so these are different creatures. Right.
Kate Sackton: I know I'm just saying I can, I can try this.
Kate Sackton: And
Kate Sackton: I like
Timothy Sackton: Looked like on dad to what
Kate Sackton: This may give us an advantage. Let's
Incidentally,
Eric Rosenbaum: If it comes to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Best to avoid using that giant hammer, which if my reading of the rooms is correct will make an incredibly loud sound, which I think we want to avoid.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's what I'm saying. What is going to kill this thing quietly.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I'm not playing, I'm playing more powerful than
Eric Rosenbaum: Then hammers mashing yeah
Hey,
David: Don't goes under how goblins look like the undead hobgoblin we saw a couple of weeks ago.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I was wondering that actually Tim, were they at all similar
Timothy Sackton: Ah, know
Timothy Sackton: That these look like
Timothy Sackton: So, so that creature was much more skeleton like
Timothy Sackton: There wasn't much flash left, and it seemed to be in
Timothy Sackton: The dark energy, these, these look more like
Timothy Sackton: More zombie ish than but not zombies. Exactly. Because they were moving quickly and they
Mike Sackton: Right, right, right.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: Much more kind of the flashes all largely intact.
Mike Sackton: I think we're we're maybe overthinking this a little bit.
Kate Sackton: Why don't we just go attack the undead things quietly. Let's
Eric Rosenbaum: Just shoot them with some arrows. Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, shoot them with arrows. That sounds great.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who's got here, I have some arrows, who's got some got some okay
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, these a shot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't
Eric Rosenbaum: So we'll just hide behind the door and I'm the kind of three just pop out and then up just that we do. Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: meta game is deluxe
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: eldrick glasses out like a big loud thing or is that like a
No.
Mike Sackton: Force damage. It's not wait
Timothy Sackton: in Lhasa style explicitly says that it causes noise. It isn't any louder than an arrow or a normal
Eric Rosenbaum: Rate who
Timothy Sackton: Cool. Don't like I wouldn't recommend thunder wave, for example.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I'm gonna hang back and let you guys take care of this.
Mike Sackton: I mean visible.
Mike Sackton: To get a surprise round off.
David: Yeah, I'm sneaky, I should be able to get a suppressor.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I'm gonna stay back door.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll throw some darts from the doorway. Let's go.
Timothy Sackton: Right ahead towards
Timothy Sackton: The passage way that leads to this prison.
Timothy Sackton: Yes. Okay.
Mike Sackton: And I think dealt with and we'll be we'll go slightly ahead with the aim of sneaking up and getting a surprise.
Timothy Sackton: So you're not you're going no light at the moment.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: You surprise them I'll pray it them. Okay.
Mike Sackton: So we'll need some white for well be to surprise them.
Mike Sackton: Right.
David: Let's have one of the others just chuck a drift in there.
Mike Sackton: Once, once we we used to pick up the spearhead of continual light. Can we just can you just drop it when we when we're at as part of your attack basically
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so give me a self check for everybody's going down the quarter.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: You had down
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo and
Timothy Sackton: Okay resin in her heavy armor is required. Just have everybody
Eric Rosenbaum: Can zone.
Timothy Sackton: Did you roll South Kong.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry, yeah I got it a lot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When I was living rooms.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: self check
Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Awesome healthiest fuck yo has five
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So, you creep down the quarter, getting to within just to the entry way of the of the room and down with and and while we kind of fan out along the side of the walls, a little bit sticking to the to the shadows and to the, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Keeping you know flat against the wall so that they're not noticed and you can easily sneak to they don't they don't look up from their search through the audience for something to non
Timothy Sackton: So you are
Timothy Sackton: I guess everybody will initiative.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the fuck, man.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So, ah,
Timothy Sackton: Ah seeker da worthwhile be Europe. First, they don't seem to have noticed anybody
Mike Sackton: How close are they
Timothy Sackton: How close do you want them to be.
David: 30 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ultra distance
Mike Sackton: I just blast a super long
Timothy Sackton: I mean, basically you can get within 20 feet of them still staying up against the wall.
Mike Sackton: I was just wondering if I wanted to actually close. But now I'll, I'll, I'll be like 40 feet away.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay so secret here first.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm
Mike Sackton: already asked my
Mike Sackton: Class. That's your first so
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't matter. All three of you go first. I mean, this is a spider and everybody
Timothy Sackton: Can go
Mike Sackton: Well that's cooler.
Yes.
Mike Sackton: Sorry cooler thing that we do is that coming from
Mike Sackton: Why does Eric have a cooler.
Timothy Sackton: If you go to if you click on beyond 20 and change the world 20 character sheet setting.
Timothy Sackton: D amp D five the barrel 22 beyond 20 rule.
Timothy Sackton: That changes what you got.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was wondering why it look different.
Timothy Sackton: I like the one that I like this standard one better personally
Timothy Sackton: Like about a minute somebody needs to throw a light if while he's gonna
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Throw the light
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So kinds of throws the light
Timothy Sackton: So down with Robbie you both get advantage actually secret to because you're all hidden
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so I can roll again. Yep.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I assume. I don't need advantage with I mean I guess I could roll to see if I can get
Eric Rosenbaum: You. There we go.
Timothy Sackton: Now, okay, so everybody has. Are you all aiming for the same one.
Mike Sackton: Wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Really discussion.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whichever is closest to us this week, presumably all 1717
Timothy Sackton: Seven. So that's 14 and 1024 damage. Okay, as ah, your ARROWS FLY you tossed the light Kenzo tosses delay a wizard. What do you want to do.
Kate Sackton: I was gonna channel defendant be in turn the end dead but
Kate Sackton: I don't know. Maybe I should just attack.
Kate Sackton: Very excited that they're undead.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, well you can decide what you want to do after the ARROWS FLY so yeah all this happens at once, Kenzo takes this sacred flame air this light.
Timothy Sackton: spearpoint and tosses it out towards the
Timothy Sackton: towards these creatures who
Timothy Sackton: See the light coming in turn and look just as two arrows and a blast of force strikes the closer one in the face, knocking it backwards as it
Timothy Sackton: As is and then falls dead on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: The second one stunned.
Timothy Sackton: Not actually stunned. But surprise, so it doesn't get do anything brings us to resilience turn
Kate Sackton: I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: Tell it. The good news.
Mike Sackton: I don't know that it's worth using.
Mike Sackton: Non quick to reuse.
Timothy Sackton: Channels. He is short RAST
Timothy Sackton: PowerPoint. If you want to is that
Kate Sackton: Well, I'm either going to do that or just constant can trip.
Eric Rosenbaum: To new literature.
Kate Sackton: I'm sure I don't understand meta game as they don't understand whether or even today should do it or shouldn't do it now.
Mike Sackton: They just see week I wouldn't use up by even
Kate Sackton: Even some of these
Mike Sackton: Are just killed one with 14 points of damage is something like
Timothy Sackton: 24 points of damage.
Mike Sackton: 24 points of damage.
Kate Sackton: I'm, I'm just gonna secret same
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: That's a deck safe.
Timothy Sackton: It fails. It's deck SAVE SO THE FLAMES then envelop this one doing an additional five points of damage as it like kisses and snarls ah, bringing us back to Seeker no longer hidden
Timothy Sackton: So you don't get advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I've reloaded my cross will fire again.
Timothy Sackton: That also had
This
Timothy Sackton: Brilliant. With the crossbow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I'm having a good crossbow day
Mike Sackton: How close are these guys.
Timothy Sackton: 30 feet 40 feet is what you said. Right, right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'll just request.
Timothy Sackton: That hits
Timothy Sackton: While they
David: Were to hide and recover.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, now that the light is shining
Timothy Sackton: Not really. I guess you could retreat to the you could retreat to the mouth of the tavern.
David: Do that.
Timothy Sackton: In the court or the around the corner a little bit
David: Would I still have line of sight.
Timothy Sackton: Know, no, actually, there's not really a place you can hide where you could also see that
David: Just like a regular old tech
Timothy Sackton: That Mrs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are we being like loud right now or is just kind of like
Timothy Sackton: No, this is quite silent. So I'm as your arrow flies wide.
Timothy Sackton: The one that was like smashing
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: smashing the bones that its companion died, but it looks up and it sort of snarls and it goes racing towards Dalloway.
Timothy Sackton: You are 40 feet away. So using an action to dash to close to within mainly of Tao, if
Eric Rosenbaum: Anything, it's
Eric Rosenbaum: No longer invisible.
Mike Sackton: Yeah visibility goes away when I attack.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of snarling and hissing as it runs up towards you.
Timothy Sackton: Long sort of claws and sharp teeth.
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo and resin.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If I attack with my quarter stuff. Is that going to be loud.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No. All right, I'll do that all that all attack you have the one that ran up to deal with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I will do that by
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pressing this button.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, and then you can attack you can make your unarmed strikes bonus action if you want as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So just want to know, did I did seven editor Debbie SEVEN, EIGHT OR 9am and
Timothy Sackton: Nine. Okay so present you I presume you always recorded stuff to you handed because it does more damage on average.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Horse. All right. And then I'm unarmed striking as my
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Additional way. And I'm also hearing
Timothy Sackton: God heads and as you swing again.
Timothy Sackton: With your fist connecting this one also falls to the ground, Dad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So he's killed the birth.
Kate Sackton: Quietly
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bad
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice work, guys.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My mood is slightly brighter now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The undead hob goblins
Eric Rosenbaum: Did they have any know they weren't even wearing clothes really
Eric Rosenbaum: weren't even now.
Eric Rosenbaum: But is there anything we can tell from closer up
Timothy Sackton: So I mean it's now looking at this room in more detail, it's, I mean, it's clear. This was, you know, at least used as a prison but there was construct is hard to say there's like demoralizing messages in Denmark, any kind of carved into the walls.
Timothy Sackton: There's iron. There's like rows of iron manacles where people might have been chained up near the where the skeletons are that the creatures, or I'm dead were digging around in. There's a stone platform that can, you know, looks like it may have been used for
Timothy Sackton: Executions
Timothy Sackton: Most of the skeleton seem to be missing their heads.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting. I think we know where there's
Mike Sackton: No way with a human heads. They weren't right
Eric Rosenbaum: Now, who would write to moralizing messages in Denmark for their prisoners.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that seems a little weird to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not have goblins right they wouldn't be able to write in
A card.
Eric Rosenbaum: And they are literate, we know now.
Timothy Sackton: I mean goblins are pretty sophisticated, they're not
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it could have been
Eric Rosenbaum: a torture chamber for humans made by goblins and other words
Timothy Sackton: It could have been. Yes.
Or
Eric Rosenbaum: A pre existing jail that they appropriate it
Eric Rosenbaum: For that purpose, a dungeon. That was part of the key.
Eric Rosenbaum: And much older.
Timothy Sackton: Now dead quiet.
Timothy Sackton: As the
Timothy Sackton: Brief Flurry of blows fades
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Done with how how how often can you do that and visibility thing.
Mike Sackton: I need to rest for we need to take a rest short rest to do it again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm, that might be wise.
David: What, what are are available like bro routes exits like where we're going or what do we not know
Timothy Sackton: There's your exits are quarter to the north.
Timothy Sackton: pile of rubble stone plaza with Knowles and sounds of the animals to the south.
Timothy Sackton: Unlocked iron bar great towers and keep
Timothy Sackton: Or down and back underground
David: What's the big can't wait. Was there like a big Kevin, we haven't explored all the way through.
Timothy Sackton: YOU'RE IN THE BIG CAVERN
David: There were no other things.
Mike Sackton: Or other store rooms. There were other small storms. Yes, it's worth looking. Is there anything here by the way I want to like
Mike Sackton: A little bit more carefully.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, makeup perception.
Eric Rosenbaum: Check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll search to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perceptive
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perception.
But I
Timothy Sackton: Was having a good night.
Timothy Sackton: There's really not that much more to find you do. There are some faded.
Timothy Sackton: You know, other sort of bits of like sort of
Timothy Sackton: Unintelligible graffiti, like whether it was hot girl and or other messages that have just
Mike Sackton: Been
Kind of
Timothy Sackton: Faded over time.
Timothy Sackton: You know, there seems to be
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, other than the skeletons and man. And this, you know, there's this you can tell from sort of searching around that. There's definitely was used as a prison and also an execution chamber, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Definitely by the doors of the units.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or something else.
Timothy Sackton: Uh,
Timothy Sackton: Well, the, the skeletons that are bad, that are were executed presumably are humans size so hobgoblin or
Timothy Sackton: Or human not Torben
Timothy Sackton: The dwarves never really were ever, you know, part of the key and so
Timothy Sackton: Your gas would be either hob goblins who were keeping done Mari prisoners or
Timothy Sackton: That seems the most likely hobgoblin who are keeping done Mari presidents.
Timothy Sackton: It could be done mining or keeping hobgoblin prisoners, but it's a little unclear why they would write, you know,
Mike Sackton: In Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: Denmark, the scum in Denmark.
Mike Sackton: To
Timothy Sackton: demoralise there hobgoblin presenters.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does this seem like a, like a prison use like past hundred years 200 years
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And years
Timothy Sackton: 100 years 50 150
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, during the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Race oppose Great War During the chaos. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should we
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Try to find a spot and look at check out what's going on. The valley.
Mike Sackton: I think that I mean that door was a fairly good vantage point, I would be tempted to watch from the door for some time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like was that
Eric Rosenbaum: Was that the one of the South.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, the South. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me go back to our drawing again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Versus where we again.
Eric Rosenbaum: We need like a more detailed area. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Let's see, can I
Timothy Sackton: Hear you go
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so where are we right now. Well, where's the door that you're talking about. I'm dealt with or Mike
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: As far as you can tell.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you don't know exactly where they are, but presumably one is like you know here and the quarter goes something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was
Timothy Sackton: Something like that is what you're not to scale, exactly, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, where are we, though.
Timothy Sackton: Right now you're here.
Oh,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we somehow went under the keep
Eric Rosenbaum: We. Yeah, we definitely did, yeah.
Mike Sackton: We did that. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think my sets of skills are messed up. How big is the key.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's about four by six inches.
David: This little smaller.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, it's like a castle, but it's not a huge castle.
Timothy Sackton: Like 400 feet or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To give me a comparable like Carrie Carrie Memorial Library
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: No, it's probably
Yeah. What would be a good good scale.
Timothy Sackton: To turn out like
Timothy Sackton: Like Harvard Yard.
Right, that's pretty big.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know, maybe, maybe this was more like 2000 feet. The distance across
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The Harvard Yard. Okay, that's like a pretty big, like that's like pretty sizable building with potentially lots of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Monsters and fucking to that God knows what else inside of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that's the situation we're in. Yes.
David: Yeah, so that the door. Okay, so there's door with iron bars that we can look out. Is that right,
David: Yes. And that basically is the only available exit from this whole tunnel thing that's brought us all the way across.
Timothy Sackton: Unless you clear out the rubble.
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which we could do.
Mike Sackton: You
Kate Sackton: Really got in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Late let's
Mike Sackton: Go all the way back to the other side.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With Tim on this you thing. How did we get to the thing. Like, is there another passage way like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's a way back. Yes, you.
Came
Timothy Sackton: You came from here. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You came up
Timothy Sackton: This is not to scale this it would be way small i mean this is you thing is not the same size as the key right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, it's like tight like
Mike Sackton: Like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, got it. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Well, what's that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, okay. Yeah. So should we split up and like you know
Mike Sackton: Split up and really really want us to split up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have there's two places to look at the, look at the key. Why don't we, why don't we have a look and see
Eric Rosenbaum: Just to just to sit quietly.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, we could do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's just, let's just let's rest. Let's rest and and and look
Sure.
Mike Sackton: Okay, who's the who's the staff, who's that Heidi as
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, being are both very salty.
Mike Sackton: So why don't you go to the Why don't the two of you go to the southern tunnel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We also. We also both have similar vision issues so
Mike Sackton: And the rest of us will go to the
Mike Sackton: The animal tunnel.
Mike Sackton: That's probably harder to move
Mike Sackton: Things right we're probably fairly well hidden behind the rubble, but I'm not sure we can move around the rebel without notice it.
Mike Sackton: But we can
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why did you call it the animal toll.
Timothy Sackton: That's where the size of animals were was from
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can you see outside the rebel. There's just like a big wall.
Timothy Sackton: There was there's like a Pico
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, there's like
Mike Sackton: How far away was
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect.
Um,
Let's see.
Timothy Sackton: They were maybe
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 100 hundred and 20 feet.
Mike Sackton: Just I'll just blast need. Can I shoot. I'll just blast out through a TV people
Timothy Sackton: I'm pretty sure it's just
Timothy Sackton: Site. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: As far as I know.
Timothy Sackton: I can double check. But then probably it's
Timothy Sackton: I see no reason why you couldn't
Go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oops.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, there's nothing in it that would make it
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: The beam has not like yeah
Timothy Sackton: Yes you easily. You certainly could.
Timothy Sackton: Same for got involved. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But does it have what's guiding bolts range.
Kate Sackton: Hundred 20 feet.
Mike Sackton: Oh, you have a cool wrongly spell to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, well,
Kate Sackton: Here's work better if I go first.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right.
Timothy Sackton: She hits you got advantage.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: What's, what's watch. I'm gonna walk will short rest while we watch
Timothy Sackton: Exactly. Yeah. Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, well, let's go.
David: Let's go through
Timothy Sackton: So you got while being down with give me stealth checks.
Mike Sackton: Heads. Oh.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, Kenzo and and while they give me stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should we take short rest now or wait
Timothy Sackton: Well, thank you, short rest while you wait
Timothy Sackton: But yes, you can.
Mike Sackton: You can, we can quit the bunny.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 727 dude, that's the highest role, I think we I've seen ever any of our game.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I'm as you to creep down the tunnel. Well, it just fades from you.
David: You're looking around like
Timothy Sackton: What he was right there, but you're also pretty
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm very stealthy. And I'm like, I feel like I'm like fucking kicking rocks around and stuff like Jesus Christ, dude.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: You each watch for an hour in your respective areas and I'll just, I'll just say I'll do the the animal. The northern tunnel first
Timothy Sackton: So it's late afternoon and as you watch
Timothy Sackton: You're heading towards sunset, the sun begins to sink and after
Timothy Sackton: Maybe
Timothy Sackton: Halfway through your watch.
Timothy Sackton: The, you know, one of the nose leaves.
Timothy Sackton: And hands out of your range of vision.
Timothy Sackton: And then the other to leave heading in the other direction and then a short time later, you hear
Timothy Sackton: Like a burst of noise from the animals like they're like they're being fat or something like
Timothy Sackton: Howling and yelling and and roars
Timothy Sackton: And then sometime later.
Timothy Sackton: Those same two nodes passed back past the plaza and four different creatures also knows come out and kind of set up around the plaza keeping watch
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Nothing comes in the gate during this time.
Timothy Sackton: You don't see anything.
Timothy Sackton: You can't really see across the plane. You can't see the top of the of the gate or the wall, you're have a pretty limited perspective from your Pico so you can't really see a wider range than just this wider view of this plaza
Eric Rosenbaum: So we can't see where the animals are being kept but it's somewhere inside of the walls of the
Timothy Sackton: It's inside the walls. It's sort of to the north of the place to your, to your rights, the north of where the, sort of, no.
Timothy Sackton: Stone plaza guard post seems to be
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And as you watch that the our passes.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing out seems to happen.
Timothy Sackton: The sudden now setting in the sky.
Timothy Sackton: So we're getting towards Twilight.
Timothy Sackton: On the southern southern end you to hiding and resting
Timothy Sackton: Against the iron. Great.
Timothy Sackton: For the first 45 minutes or so you see nothing like there's no there's no movement. There's no sounds everything seems to be just still and quiet.
Timothy Sackton: Until you hear coming from
Timothy Sackton: Around the side of the
Timothy Sackton: The sort of north side of the tire. So imagine you're sort of looking out just directly in front of you straight ahead. There's the blank stone wall of this tower stretching up with just the one door.
Timothy Sackton: So there's a bridge going from where the tunnel where you are to this tower. There's one wooden door in the tower and you can't really see very far around that to the right. There's like sort of the cliff wall.
Timothy Sackton: Forms the tower and the cliff come pretty close to each other. You can't really see around that corner.
Timothy Sackton: But about 45 minutes through your watch you here moving that
Eric Rosenbaum: Direction sort of
Timothy Sackton: Again, kind of scrambling sounds some some growls, hisses doesn't sound like animals or knows it sounds
Timothy Sackton: Not really sure what it is exactly um
Timothy Sackton: Nothing is moving in the towers, though. So there's the one tower search across and then there's like a gate house and another tower further away.
Timothy Sackton: As the sun begins to set you do notice from the main hall a flicker of light of firelight
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It main hall is where can you couldn't point to them up to as you're just talking
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so
Eric Rosenbaum: Center, I guess.
Timothy Sackton: So there's like where you are. There's like tower.
Timothy Sackton: Tower.
Timothy Sackton: Gate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Keep this is very helpful. Great.
Timothy Sackton: And then over here, you're looking out at tower.
Timothy Sackton: Tower wall.
Timothy Sackton: Wall, you can't see what's what's over here, presumably this wall continues and connects
Timothy Sackton: All right. The animals are like here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we're looking through. Is it a, is it just like a window or what are we looking through
Timothy Sackton: No, it's a door. It's like, it's like a sort of
Timothy Sackton: iron bars that swing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With is it swing or does it open, or like is it is it locked
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it by consuming I saw
Timothy Sackton: Somebody just walked through
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah, it's
Timothy Sackton: The only wet so you're on the second story of the tower. So you're 10 feet up and there's a wooden door. So there's a bridge that goes across this tower and then a wooden door.
Timothy Sackton: In the side of this tower that is closed.
Timothy Sackton: So you're not on the ground level here. You're 10 feet off into it and there's a cliff that's black line is like a cliff wall.
Timothy Sackton: But your perspective is also a bit limited presuming you want to stay behind the door not open it and walk out onto the bridge.
So,
David: I think what I hear you say is if we were to leave this if we were to go out through the swinging bars.
David: We would go across the small break our basically our only path would be to go across the small bridge into this tower through wooden door. Yeah, from which are near which issues weird sounds possibly have demon that creatures or something we otherwise place.
Timothy Sackton: From like here as well.
David: And then once we're in that tower. That's the tower. That's a tower in the wall surrounding the keep and while we can see light in the key. We can't from where we're standing. See how to get from the tower to the camp, so
Timothy Sackton: Right, there's like a courtyard here. This is like. So there's a wall that goes like this. This is like outer wall and then inner wall.
Mike Sackton: Right, so that okay like this.
Timothy Sackton: Right with Cliff
Timothy Sackton: Wall.
Timothy Sackton: Right click on this side. Well, on this side and then there's an inner wall here and that's what you're looking at the towers of the inner wall.
David: What is this outer black line. This curving black line represents
David: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know somebody else to that.
Mike Sackton: That represents
Mike Sackton: That's the outer wall.
Mike Sackton: But that's just
Mike Sackton: Too far away. That was just copied from the other map.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Mike Sackton: just copied from our map of ravens hold when
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was far away.
David: Yeah, so it's
Mike Sackton: So it's nothing. It doesn't, it's been replaced by the blue.
Timothy Sackton: It's been replaced by the blue line, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, but that the blue line actually is the black line in the it actually is visible on the map.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, the blue and black line is black, it was just too far away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right. Got it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got it, got it. Okay. All right. Okay. So,
Timothy Sackton: The fire is the firelight is coming from this keep
Mike Sackton: That
Timothy Sackton: Inner key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so let me, let me ask one more thing, Tim. If you can you can you. I'm like, if you share screen of the map of ravens holes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like Cuz, cuz
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cuz we're actually on that map now, right, like we're actually clearly on that map.
Yes.
Mike Sackton: Okay, make my arrow go away.
Mike Sackton: Sorry.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yeah. Yes, you are. I mean, this is maybe not exactly the scale.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: You are. Ah, so the blue line that I drew is the is this outer wall. The inner wall is not
Mike Sackton: Mark, are you sharing something to
Kate Sackton: Know, we're just seeing the whiteboard still honey. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Wow, okay.
Yeah. Hold on, let me see if I can do this.
Kate Sackton: I mean did work and uncles drying up the keep was a little bit, um, or the drawing afraid. And so that was a little bit fake it didn't have that like inner wall or
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: You picture of a castle.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that the drawing of
Timothy Sackton: I'm trying to add
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay but i think i think we we understand now ish
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should we regroup.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And yeah.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So look.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's clearly some activity here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It feels like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dealt with if you're able to be common visible and can snip around a little bit and maybe you know well be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe you and me or
Maybe just you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If there's a place where where we can
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like do you all feel safe here. I mean, it feels like
Eric Rosenbaum: You know,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This doesn't feel super safe, where we are right now.
Kate Sackton: Ending dungeon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well maybe what I'm wondering is, like, do we want to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry to be the guy that keeps advocating splitting up. But, you know, do we want dealt with to just get invisible and wander into the keep a little bit and try to see what he can learn and maybe well be. I mean, I could sneak around and see, I'm pretty stealthy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we tried to just scout around a little bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, the other thing we could do. It's getting dark. We could just wait till it gets dark and then dealt with, you could just go invisible and just take an hour and scout around and see what you can see
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I guess, while but you could also Scott around the reasonably
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what I mean, though. I don't know. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: It might be interesting to learn just what happens here at night.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's what I'm saying. There's clearly activity. There's, there's, I mean, I think we can learn a lot. Just by being quiet and just watching for a while.
Eric Rosenbaum: What could possibly go wrong.
David: Agree. Let me click not to go
David: Through the door until we're ready to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I like that, I think, I think I've dealt with is able to just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you
Mike Sackton: Worried about opening the door.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you make one of us invisible.
David: Patrick for
Timothy Sackton: Sure, make an investigation like
Mike Sackton: I could make somebody invisible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can make one of us.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: Not know so myself.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah well be the iron the iron bars are. I mean, it's
Timothy Sackton: barely even adore it just, you know, there's like three iron bars that kind of swing open sat in a frame, it's, it's seems really more just like a
Timothy Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: Possibly something that could have been locked at one point with the chain. Ah, but nothing. It's not trapped us not a major deterrent to anything.
David: Is the wooden door into the tower luck.
Timothy Sackton: That's about 10 feet away.
David: Is there a cubicle
Timothy Sackton: No, that does not seem to be. There's no keyhole.
Mike Sackton: Can I use a chance to just, I don't want to open the door, but just to like
Mike Sackton: We open it a teeny crack and just see if it's if it's locked or not.
Mike Sackton: Oh wait I what could go wrong.
David: A the best demon like what I'm most worried about in any skirting around the back demons or whatever those things are seeing us maybe they can see at night. Maybe there's
Mike Sackton: A chance
Mike Sackton: I mean, they might eat. It's, you know, this
Eric Rosenbaum: Might have been a fluke just one of those migratory bad demons passing through
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now, but you can you can step through the door, you have to like open it, why'd you can just open in a crack and slip through especially fear and
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I just wanted to see if it was locked. I wasn't even going to open it. I was just gonna like open it.
Mike Sackton: 10th of an inch just
Mike Sackton: Turn the hand. Is there a handle.
Mike Sackton: Like I played five
Mike Sackton: I played with to take one session. And you guys had
Mike Sackton: To take five sessions. What is wrong with you.
David: I mean, I mean client I'm inclined just to go in as a team, but
David: Do we need to rest, we need to rest more before we do
Mike Sackton: Like waiting for morning
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Only for the team.
David: Into the tower and then I'm
David: Just you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Know, we want to be careful.
Mike Sackton: Now apparently that well. He just doesn't care anymore.
David: No, I feel, I feel better about this entrance that what I worry about is, is being, you know, out in the open or in a tunnel and getting marked by things, but in a tower. I mean, we can hold a tower door.
Mike Sackton: I am going to use make it. This may be a terrible idea, but
Mike Sackton: Is the door locked
Timothy Sackton: The door is not locked
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look, here's my my my thought, okay, it's getting dark.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I actually think I, you know, look, though. You all know I hate this place, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've got a pretty good read on people creatures on stealthy. If you make me invisible. Although scattered around
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll go look if I see any creatures. I've got a good read on intentions, I can figure out if they're scheming if they're planning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And give me an hour. Give me an hour, make me invisible. I'll go look. Look around. Search for everything I can. And I'll discover what I can and then while the if it feels like a good move to get in that tower. I'll, I'll see if we can go and get out of this spot and get into the tower and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And yeah, maybe I'll try to find a place for us to see for just safer spot and then right here for us for us to stay for a little while and observe
Eric Rosenbaum: That sounds good to me.
Kate Sackton: Okay, I'm looking at the people by the rebel because my dark creation will let me do that.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, that's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great idea. So I have to my I've realized I never used this, but I've plus five insight that seems very valuable.
Mike Sackton: Yeah okay well
Mike Sackton: I will cast in visibility.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Timothy Sackton: Vanishes
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, I'm making Kensal
Timothy Sackton: Ends up vanishes yes kinds of vanishes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Timothy Sackton: Turns away.
Mike Sackton: Just be careful if you attack anything, this will go away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good to know. Thanks for letting me know that. All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm off. I will, I will go and and I'll Scott up a tower. I will be stealthy as fuck. As a stealthy as I can be. And I'm a scout around
Timothy Sackton: So you're going to slip into the inside the tower in the door. Yeah, okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, um,
Timothy Sackton: You enter into the tower.
Timothy Sackton: Sneaking across actually make a stuff check before you do anything, I'll say with advantage because you're invisible.
Pretty good.
Timothy Sackton: Music mass or twice if you do better.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh,
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so I'm
Timothy Sackton: A good role when you need it.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so the
Timothy Sackton: Sort of entry way that you step into this tower is
Timothy Sackton: Empty bear with stairs going up and down, and there's a wall with a door leading into another room beyond so you can either go up, down, or in the room.
Timothy Sackton: Y'all go first. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're gonna see if I can find some windows, get a better view.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah, there are
Timothy Sackton: Set. So, so there are windows like not really windows, but like, Aerosmith type windows kind of sat at regular intervals around the tower. So you can look out basically from any flow when you want
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just as it going to keep leverage look out of all them like any creatures anyway.
Anything so
Timothy Sackton: Looking out, you notice a few things. So first of all,
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: First of all,
Timothy Sackton: Looking out kind of the opposite side. Right. So there's the you were, you were on the east side of the tower. So in the tunnel, you were looking west, you're looking at the east side of the tower to the south of the tower is to keep
Timothy Sackton: It to the north of the tower is the cliff to the west of the tower. You're looking out over what looks like it used to be some sort of
Timothy Sackton: Cultivated gardens or kind of courtyard area, but very pretty. There's two large pools of water.
Timothy Sackton: Through me
Timothy Sackton: Right now, no you're sort of imagining what it looks like in the past, got it, got it pools of water are sort of sickly and green at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: Or trees that used to line these pools and you can imagine provide nice shade in the heat of summer are now largely dad.
Timothy Sackton: The ones that are not dead, have our leaders are sort of yellowing and dying.
Timothy Sackton: And moving across this
Timothy Sackton: Courtyard area are several more of those hobgoblin on dead creatures that you saw
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Sort of heading.
Timothy Sackton: Kind of towards the larger pool.
Timothy Sackton: And they seem to be
Timothy Sackton: They seem to be moving without much purpose.
Timothy Sackton: Kind of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: aimless London check. Okay.
Um,
Let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe, maybe three of them just kind of moving in this way.
Timothy Sackton: Then
Timothy Sackton: Also looking across. You can see the
Timothy Sackton: So past this courtyard, there's a there's some more buildings.
Timothy Sackton: And another sort of smaller sort of keep area.
Timothy Sackton: The closest part two of us, which seems to be have been destroyed and maybe was the ruins of our workshop or or armory or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: All along the side of the cliff in the Tower itself.
Timothy Sackton: The third floor as you had up so you
Timothy Sackton: entered on the second floor as you
Timothy Sackton: Had up to the third floor. It seems to be
Timothy Sackton: Like servants quarters and small apartments. Um, but there also is apparently there's a seems to you to be a way to get across to the other tower here. So there's a
Timothy Sackton: There's a door in the outer wall of the tower that you can imagine with lead across the top of the gate and into the other tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And there's
Timothy Sackton: Stairs that continue up
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other than those undead things though nothing else, move it around and other. What about the light in the key.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: It's Thursday definitely firelight sort of flickering out of the keep you don't see anything moving, though in the inner courtyard. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, just really quickly. I just like I go up and down the whole time, or just anything in there.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so
Timothy Sackton: The fourth floor is a
Timothy Sackton: Sort of a nice apart, almost a nice apartment, it's not it's not completely intact, but there's like a bed and a desk and a fireplace.
Timothy Sackton: Carefully painted on one wall is the blackened claw mark of the goblins
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great because I'm not building quarters like is
Timothy Sackton: Live. Yeah, that's what it looks like. Like a Captain's Quarters or something. But like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Currently lives.
Timothy Sackton: No, not current
Timothy Sackton: Okay, interesting. Old
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Old years hundred years.
Timothy Sackton: Anywhere from 50 to 225 to 50 it's hard to
Timothy Sackton: Um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, not, not, it's a bit. It looks. It doesn't look like they're Knowles steeping hear anything like that.
Timothy Sackton: There's, there's definitely nobody sleeping here right now in traffic seems like nobody's really been in here much there's
On
Timothy Sackton: There's a
Timothy Sackton: There's like a jeweled silver goblet on the desk that hasn't been touched
Timothy Sackton: With like
Timothy Sackton: Fine red gemstones in it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow that's fancy
Timothy Sackton: You know there's stuff like that. There's well that's and then there's a there's a set of hobgoblin armor. I know wicked looking great sword here. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So basically, that my goal is, I just want to kind of look around here and just see if because if it looks like really say that I'm going to go back and get them to like making our type of thing.
Timothy Sackton: So as you go. So that's the top floor the roof is not accessible, at least, it doesn't seem to be accessible. I'm going down the steps. The stairs down to the bottom to the first floor halfway down have are
Timothy Sackton: crumbling and you can't actually get all the way down to the bottom floor the stairs. The like bottom part of the stairs have fallen out. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Otherwise, there's nothing in the tower.
Timothy Sackton: Do occasionally get us like a whiff of rotting flesh sort of that almost that like burnt sulphurous flat rotting flesh smell you occasionally smelled from the planes coming up from the Windows, but it seems to be coming, you know, probably from the
Timothy Sackton: The outer courtyard, where the
Timothy Sackton: Wandering my dad and and I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: Walls are
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Basically, like the towers clear, there's only one way in this tower in one way out. Right.
Timothy Sackton: Ah. Well, presumably there's a way out on the bottom floor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right. The data that goes
Timothy Sackton: To the bottom
Timothy Sackton: And then there's the, the other possible way in or out would be the door that might lead across the top of the Gate House to the second tower got other that door. And the way you came in. There's no other entrance or exit us basically surmise that because
Timothy Sackton: So, for whatever reason,
Timothy Sackton: So because the first floor is seems to be ruined. Nothing can get up here very easily. Yeah. The only and because the rubble has blocked the other entrance exit to the
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Oh, no. The only real way to get to this tower is from the Durban strong. Okay, got it. Except if you came across from the other town.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So from the Durban stronghold at one door like Where else could have gone, other than this tower.
Timothy Sackton: I know where you would have had to, I mean you could jump off the bridge jumped down about 15 feet to the courtyard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I go, go.
Timothy Sackton: Go across the other door.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go across it. Okay, I go in and get the squad I relay. What I found how long this whole thing take I did pretty quick like 10 minutes 15
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Minutes. Okay, so I just relay. You guys want to go into the tower. We could, we could advance it at a tower and then I think I'm going to keep going. So the other spot that is like, go to the second floor and then continue to search that way. Right. Or like
Timothy Sackton: Basically go across. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so you guys want to come into the tower.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, sure. And there was a Roman the tower that seemed worth searching
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, so you guys can search that room. Yeah, well, so while they start that room, Tim. I'm going to keep just so I don't waste any visibility. I'm going to go in and keep keep going and just wondering
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so the door here is barred from the inside, but you can easily remove the bars and
Timothy Sackton: Open it. It leads. So there's a basically where you are now is in the in not exactly a crawl space, but kind of a cramped passageway that looks like it's sort of like a
Timothy Sackton: Like a kill floor right there's like holes on the floor where you could like drop stones or or dump hot oil or something down on somebody trying to come in from the gate.
Timothy Sackton: And then going straight across. There's another door leading into the second tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, you guys want to search here first. You guys want to search for a bit. We can play that part out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah yeah
Timothy Sackton: So there's so the the basically the two places to search would be the apartment and
Timothy Sackton: The room that Kenzo didn't really look into that was on the
Timothy Sackton: Entry. Entry floor where you come in. There's like a rum that he did the
Hardware
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am will
Eric Rosenbaum: sit cross legged in the center of the floor and become one with my obsession with precious stones.
Timothy Sackton: Yes. Okay. Um,
Timothy Sackton: So give me a perception check
Eric Rosenbaum: IE stone since
Eric Rosenbaum: I got that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so let's see. Let
Timothy Sackton: Me just see what you would be in range with for students on
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: Don't sense, you don't actually get the sense
Timothy Sackton: That there is
Timothy Sackton: Much in the way of, well, let me just check the description
Timothy Sackton: Okay jams or native elements.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, um, there aren't any sort of oars, or valuable particularly valuable untapped metals over here, in contrast to the
Timothy Sackton: You know, in the tour urban area where there was that adamantium that really struck you very strongly.
Timothy Sackton: You do.
Timothy Sackton: Catch a sense of gemstones. To the north.
Timothy Sackton: In the sort of
Timothy Sackton: The ruined armory like the place like north on the other side of the outer courtyard, but it's hard, they're not. It's nothing that strikes you is
Timothy Sackton: Massively valuable. You just get a sort of tingling of precious metals.
Timothy Sackton: That with in the apartment. So basically, there's the still the same things that you
Timothy Sackton: And I described the Kenzo there's the
Timothy Sackton: The silver
Timothy Sackton: Silver got wet with or not Caitlyn sorry silver
Mike Sackton: Are you space.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So there's the silver
Timothy Sackton: goblet with red gems.
Mike Sackton: This look old.
Timothy Sackton: It's fairly old yeah
Timothy Sackton: And then there's sort of like armor and weapons. Right. So there's a, you know,
Timothy Sackton: What seems like would be the equipment of a relatively well off hobgoblin kaput captain.
Timothy Sackton: And then the one thing you do find is sort of
Timothy Sackton: searching around inside the desk, there's a there's like a drawer that lifts lifts up and there is a scroll that is magical kind of tucked in a corner of the. Yes. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: But you don't find anything else.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to take the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Knowledge around here in this place.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, let me
See if you
Timothy Sackton: Don't
Timothy Sackton: Think I need to see if this is
Timothy Sackton: Not the scroll. So you sense that this call is magical, but you don't you don't recognize the whatever spell it might be, it might contain
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that's that's searching. So, Kenza, you want to had across the other tower.
Yep.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, um,
Timothy Sackton: You come into the
Timothy Sackton: So actually, give me a perception check as you push open the door into the other tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Excellent. As I'm very perceptive.
Timothy Sackton: Exam.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you you push open the door and you you come into here. I'm
Timothy Sackton: A
Let's let me see.
Timothy Sackton: If too many windows open here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: OK, so, um, this, this, again, is a
Timothy Sackton: Fairly
Timothy Sackton: It's sort of an entry way rum with similar to
Timothy Sackton: To the other room with with stairs going up and going down and you sort of come across into is basically a sort of a bear.
Timothy Sackton: A bear entry. And then there's a door that leads to some other room on the other side of the door.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, I go to the one that's going to be most eventful
Timothy Sackton: Up or down.
Up.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you had. Give me another stuff check
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That one from before it just carries over the whole time, doesn't it, the whole hour
Timothy Sackton: No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Here.
Timothy Sackton: About us
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, it's fine. This is good. Do
Timothy Sackton: You still have advantage because you're
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also, I can do it again.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, but you're probably not gonna get higher
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm not. I'm going to save it. I'm gonna wait. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as you had
Timothy Sackton: Up the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: You come out into another room.
Timothy Sackton: This, this is like another sort of apartment is not as good shape. And you sort of come out into into sort of a hallway with a few crates and barrels stacked and then
Timothy Sackton: Sort of looking through like peeking through an open doorway, you can see
Timothy Sackton: Like a table and
Timothy Sackton: A chair and a fire pet.
Timothy Sackton: And a bad rule lay across some straw.
Timothy Sackton: This definitely looks more like something that has been lived lived in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. All right.
Timothy Sackton: All right, there's coming down the steps across. So you came up here. There's like the storage area. Then there's steps going up on the other side of the tower coming down the steps and sort of heading towards this this living area. You see, let me just grab a description here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you see a
Timothy Sackton: Sort of a green skinned vicious looking humanoid creature. I'm an orc.
Timothy Sackton: walking across the
Timothy Sackton: The entry way the area that has the
Timothy Sackton: With the sort of doesn't seem to have noticed you that the entryway with like barrels and
Timothy Sackton: And crates in a sack and stuff like that dark cloak over its hood. I'm carrying a scimitar or she has done its back and moving sort of quietly and quickly from the floor above towards the
Timothy Sackton: living space.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. Do I hear anymore.
Timothy Sackton: You don't hear anything else now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I go up to how, how, how long has it been la
Timothy Sackton: Hmm 20 minutes
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, yeah. I go up where where he was. I go up.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Heading up. You see, I'm
Timothy Sackton: Coming to the US. Now, this would be the fourth floor of the tower, um,
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: The stairs now come out in a in a in a quarter.
Timothy Sackton: With four small apartments off of it. But this is now.
Timothy Sackton: Not apartments, there's a
Timothy Sackton: stench of dead bodies, you hear a sort of a faint grown from one of these apartments.
Timothy Sackton: There's piles of straw bedding. There's like a pile of sort of
Timothy Sackton: Like bits of like rotted flashing stuff and at the far end of this quarter that you just came up. You see, to ah
Timothy Sackton: I'm short humans.
Timothy Sackton: Seem to be humans, but look
Timothy Sackton: Almost
Timothy Sackton: Like sneaky wearing dark clothes, kind of like lurking in the shadows a bet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Watch them is sort of heading in heading towards the
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: Room where the moon is coming from the other is heading towards the stairs down towards you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I'm. By the way, I forgot said I'm inciting all these people with my plus five awesome inside the orc. These guys everybody
Timothy Sackton: Okay, well, you can. I mean insight usually like when you're talking to somebody trying to figure out, like assess whether what they're saying is
Timothy Sackton: It's not like
Timothy Sackton: It's usually like in conversation, right. Like, I mean, what are you trying to figure out, I guess.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, it says your wisdom inside check decides whether you can determine the true intentions of a creature, such as when someone is searching out a lie or predicting somebody next move.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Doing so involved includes from body language speech habits and changes in manner. So I'm just like, I'm just like, are they like are they like, you know, what are they doing. Are they are they like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just living their lives. Are they like planning or they scheming, are they trying to be sneaky. Are they trying to protect
Timothy Sackton: I'll give you. I'll give you an insight check for that. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: So yeah, they're not. They don't seem like they're particularly trying to be sneaky. I mean that the Ark was just kind of walking across the like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It didn't live there that
Timothy Sackton: The org definitely seemed like it was heading towards its home well quarter's home town but a place where it's staying
Timothy Sackton: These two creatures seem like i mean you hear like moans and sort of groans coming from one of these here. I'm gonna
Timothy Sackton: Have a map of this so
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: So you should have sort of moans coming from somewhere in here. It's all done.
Timothy Sackton: Oh,
Timothy Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's do this fast. I'm trying to get back to the crew. I just want to, like, it's like, but figure out, like, you know,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, here we go. Geez.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice. So the moaning. Is that is that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I go to the room where the money is coming from.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, sure, you sort of like move over here and just kind of, peek in being very with yourself. I'll say being very careful to avoid the two other creatures creatures and you see lying on this pile of straw. I'm a badly wounded woman.
Timothy Sackton: wearing armor, but otherwise I'm like seemingly beat up with no equipment or anything. I'm hands tied behind her back.
Oh shit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm are these other two, where are the other two dudes, or did they leave or they still nearby.
Timothy Sackton: One of them left to head down the stairs on the other is like
Timothy Sackton: You know, walks over and sort of like gives her a kick.
Timothy Sackton: Monitoring something and says,
Timothy Sackton: There will be more in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: In common.
Timothy Sackton: And then heads out of the room and heads down the stairs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To the humanoid. Right. Yeah. Okay. Okay. All right. All right. Fuck.
Timothy Sackton: Alone in the room with her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, Jesus. All right. Okay. Okay. Sorry, guys. Um, hi. Um, yeah. Holy shit, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have, I have a healing potion. I have
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh my god, what do I do. All right. I'm going to
Timothy Sackton: Say, you can talk and you can give people
Timothy Sackton: Items without breaking your invincibility but if you attack or cast a spell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got it. Okay. Okay, so I'm just going to
Eric Rosenbaum: Fire, you got mother.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I'm going to kind of get close, close ish and then just whisper in common.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But don't be afraid. I'm here to help.
To make any noise.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're not doing that shit.
That I
Timothy Sackton: Just gotta I just hold on let me I need to pull up my my notes. Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: This is great.
Timothy Sackton: So, um, this woman like startles and then seems to control her reaction and you just share a
Timothy Sackton: Brief like mutter under her breath. Holy fuck.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Looks like she's looking around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is usable and invisible.
Timothy Sackton: Are you
Timothy Sackton: She's whispering What that body out what is going on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your guess is as good as mine. I don't know. I think I'm a friend.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With my name is I'm Kenzo. What's your name,
Timothy Sackton: For la
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuller, I have a feeling that whatever those beasts are
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They're not your friend. They're not my friend, either. I don't know if that automatic automatically makes us friends, but I feel like it's probably best for me to try to help you get out of the situation.
Timothy Sackton: I can argue with that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are they gonna come back. Are they done for the night, you know, they're coming back up here.
Timothy Sackton: Probably not for several hours at least
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She, she bound
Timothy Sackton: Our hands are tied. Yeah, okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm going to untie you okay
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My entire
Timothy Sackton: She like shakes hands like web services.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I have. I'm with friends.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There we are. We're in the other tower. I'm going to figure out where we are not trying to be detected by
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever the hell is going on here and we need to talk to you to understand what's going on about this place. It's very important that we understand what's going on here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I'm going to try to help you get you out of this situation so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you know if they're if they're leaving this whole tower. Are they are they still downstairs. Do you know if they stay down here.
Timothy Sackton: I think they will stay
Timothy Sackton: What I know been
Timothy Sackton: tied up in the
Timothy Sackton: Damn prison.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Only been here.
Timothy Sackton: I've lost track of days.
Timothy Sackton: Spend some time though.
Weeks.
Timothy Sackton: Not months for sure, not months.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How'd you get here. Oh.
Timothy Sackton: A week. How did you get here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll explain. I'll explain. But, my friends and I were trying to figure out what the hell is going on here because whatever's going on here is not right and we need to get down to the bottom of this.
Timothy Sackton: Who are your friends are you that the
Timothy Sackton: Society send more people
Timothy Sackton: Which decide I have not met you before.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think I've met you before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm going to incite her now, now that we're actually talking
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I do this.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So I check what are you trying to figure out. I mean, what is your
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, just, you know, I mean I guess I have a basic idea of what's going on. So I don't need to do that quite the second but all right on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The society. What's the society.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps we should find some other place to talk
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree. Let's get you out of here. Stay here. Don't make any noise to try to call attention. I'm going to go down and see if I can figure out a way to sneak us out of here. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, just hang tight.
Timothy Sackton: Hang tight and do that visibility trick.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's what I'm saying.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm not for you, but I don't have a lot of time. So let me just scout downstairs and just see what's going on. Stay here. Don't make any noise to alarm them. I'll be back in a minute. Okay. Just stay right here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, I go back down the stairs I sneak down the stairs. Well, the books. Are they are they like or the humanoids were on it.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: The Ark has gone into the chambers. One of the humanoids is
Timothy Sackton: Like sitting has pulled up a stool and is sitting by the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: The Other has probably gone on into the chamber. You don't see it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Decisions, um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I think I'm not to kill the guards.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do I have
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you say maybe don't try and do it by yourself. Hmm. I am invisible, I guess. Yeah, maybe. I got to come back and get you guys back though. Oh, that's true. Okay. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I sneak back up, um, follow your dreams, follow
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Vocal folds follow. Excuse me. Sorry bola Okay look, I can't attack these guys as soon as I do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm going to become visible again, it's going to cause a lot of attention. But, my friends. There's I've got four. I've got four companions with me. I think we can take these guards out quietly. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I'm going to go sneak back and get them there, in the other tower very, very close. Sit tight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever you do, do not move do not cause alarm. We're going to kill the guard as quickly as quietly as we can. And then we'll, we'll come back and got you. Okay. Can you hang. Can you just hang here. And by the way, is she looks like she's like wounded and beaten and stuff. Right.
Timothy Sackton: She is. She looks like sick and nearly dead. Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh wow, okay. And look here, drink this. So I pull out from my pouch. I give her, they're all equivalent, right, I've got a healing potion, and the healing mud and
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, they're all the same, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I give her a healing potion.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Drink this rest. I'll be back. We'll be back in Book kill some guards and we'll get you out here. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: She drinks tea. She says, Thank you God that goes down. Wow. Yeah, I will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just wait. We'll be back.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, let's back. Go to the homies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Explain the situation as quickly as I can and describe the whole layout, the best that I can as well. So they're basically, you know, there's two guards.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: AN ORC that I don't know where it went.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we got to kill these children quietly. So I recommend we repeat what we did to kill other things quietly some version of that well be, if you've got your
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know,
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. What were they were the people humans.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Human 90%, what are they
Timothy Sackton: Humanoid but they looked human, but kind of shady like
Timothy Sackton: Like quarks over their heads like you couldn't really see their faces.
I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look speaker I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Secret. I think they're humans but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know, something
Eric Rosenbaum: I might be able to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Will be able to tell him.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm asleep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fucking great idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will just tie him up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's a brilliant idea. Let's do that. Let's do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: If they're not
Eric Rosenbaum: Something beyond what they seem.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you do to at once.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: If they're close enough to each other. Yes, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where are they now one sitting. And then the other one was where
Timothy Sackton: Why am I sitting sort of by the steps, the other. You didn't see maybe it went into the
Timothy Sackton: Quarters with the orc.
Mike Sackton: Okay, one LinkedIn would be
Mike Sackton: One went in with
David: Like you really quick.
Timothy Sackton: York, and one was
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Better
Yes, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um, so what do you how do you guys want to handle this.
What's the
Mike Sackton: This is if we crossed the top of the bridge to cross the top of the wall.
Timothy Sackton: And then you go up the stairs.
Mike Sackton: And go in the door and go up the stairs there on the second there on like the third floor. Yes.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the prisoners also on the third floor.
Timothy Sackton: On the fourth floor, what
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Floor out
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, look, if you can sleep the guard. Actually, actually, a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Seeker. You can sleep that guard. I can just go grab her and then hopefully sneaker out without having an alarm the org or anybody else.
Eric Rosenbaum: Keep question.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then what we're all going to come back here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes. And then we can talk in the tower displacing is pretty safe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No killing. We just well see the thing as soon as we get her out of there. They're going to know they're gonna they're gonna they're gonna start searching. I guess we do have to kill them all.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the orc. You mentioned, we don't know where the work is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We don't know where the
Eric Rosenbaum: tangle with the what doesn't work.
Kate Sackton: You know what don't we think or cousin, though.
Kate Sackton: Same
Kate Sackton: With the bedroom and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I pointed as though we either have to kill them or incapacitated, because if they find her missing, then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're gonna raise hell and it's all going to be
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim, how long asleep last
A minute.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we can knock them out. Right. I guess we could kill him.
Mike Sackton: Sleep will still help us, but let's
Mike Sackton: See what happens.
Mike Sackton: All the LEAP isn't guaranteed to work. Yeah, I think all of us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also true yeah
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, let's go.
Let's all go
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On but let's do the stealth thing. So we get a whole bunch of advantages.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah okay so
Timothy Sackton: I may put your characters here.
Timothy Sackton: And I guess Kenzo I guess you're still invisible at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, for like the next 10 minutes or so you guys pick. Tell me whatever order you want to be in coming up the steps.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So how far, what's the range of sleep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let me check.
Eric Rosenbaum: 90 feet. Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also, you can do it from the top of the stairs, probably
David: Like being second
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: Bored. I'm invisible.
Eric Rosenbaum: So what you're saying I'm first your first
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I thought that oh yeah yeah
Sleeping.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I first I go up to him since I'm invisible. Like, we're not them where they are.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah, I'm. That's what I'm doing right now.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, that's not a good. Sorry, I got them on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The society.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's the mockers
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I said there's one like sort of sitting, that's not a very good
Timothy Sackton: That's fine, that's fine. There's one sitting there and that's all you can say
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so I, I, you know, gesture to to secret where you know where they are and just point
Eric Rosenbaum: And I began drawing a complex sleepy drawing in the air, which walks over in
Eric Rosenbaum: The direction.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Stars code to aerosol just shifting
Timothy Sackton: You got to actually load five da
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it doesn't have a button for that for some reason. I'll just do it manually.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: The guard here.
Timothy Sackton: falls asleep and slides off the
Timothy Sackton: Stool with a thump.
Mike Sackton: Kendra you somewhere to surprise the guy. That guy comes running out.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm gonna
Mike Sackton: Drag yourself to where you are.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah and there's another guy in here.
Timothy Sackton: While you presumed the orc. And the other Gardner and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm gonna drag my character.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And drag my dude.
David: kip Dre into the tower for some reason.
Other
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And yeah, I will uh
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh is there is there like a closed door here should open
Timothy Sackton: Like that's open
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, just like here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look inside what's
Timothy Sackton: So if you're gonna walk in there. You got to give me a stealth jack actually give me initiative because there was a thought.
Eric Rosenbaum: Everybody
Timothy Sackton: Everybody roll initiative.
Timothy Sackton: Let's see 1422 for
Timothy Sackton: You just shout out what you got seeker was
Eric Rosenbaum: 12 1212
Timothy Sackton: Cans oh
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nine.
Timothy Sackton: And Brisbane was three.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Hold on one second. Almost ready
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so I'm so
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Da with his first
Timothy Sackton: And but I'm gonna say
Timothy Sackton: How is this gonna work.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah okay so they
Timothy Sackton: They hear the noise and come running out. Um, so
Timothy Sackton: I'm Kensal you're of course still invisible and hidden
Timothy Sackton: But with the thump. You're not going to get, you're not necessarily going to get surprised, but you will get advantage.
Timothy Sackton: But ours is up first.
Mike Sackton: Is somebody moving somewhere. We went away. What's visible.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Nothing's visible. I mean,
Mike Sackton: Like from right there. What can I see
Timothy Sackton: You can see this and then is that
Mike Sackton: Is that a creature
Timothy Sackton: That's the orc.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And then as the other guard.
Timothy Sackton: Here's the thump its face start shifting and elongating turning into a snout.
Mike Sackton: Can't you
Timothy Sackton: Know, not a Ken Q
Timothy Sackton: Like a
Timothy Sackton: Like a, like a
Timothy Sackton: Like a wolf or
Timothy Sackton: hyenas now or jackal or something, but it's still human. But its claws begin to grow and it grabs a scimitar and these to start running towards you.
Mike Sackton: And can tell you're standing right there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No.
Mike Sackton: In the door. Where are you standing
Mike Sackton: Well, I will
Mike Sackton: Last the hyena creature
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Go ahead.
Mike Sackton: Oh, wow.
Timothy Sackton: That Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: I'll be your up
David: Having trouble moving myself. Is there something I'm doing wrong.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, it's because they're people blocking your way. It's actually not letting you physically move if there's something in your way. That's what I had to like
Timothy Sackton: Ah ok here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David: Cool. Can I hide behind that. Look at the door.
Timothy Sackton: Wow. Yeah. You can hide like here.
Yes.
David: Sorry, on the side that I'm on, so I can still shoot at them.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can like flatten yourself up against the door and get a shot off.
Right.
David: Let me
Eric Rosenbaum: Just totally answer this like fleeing and tear out the front gate and down the middle of the valley like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You chased by the crazy giant. This is
David: All right, so that's my second natural 20th stealth
Night.
Timothy Sackton: Are you shooting at that's too.
David: Um, I am shooting at the
David: Closer of the two of them.
Mike Sackton: This one, the ark. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay Ah 22 hits and sneak attack because you have advantage. So that's 15 damage.
Timothy Sackton: As your arrow goes flying and
Wow.
Timothy Sackton: Like pierces the orc and
Timothy Sackton: Seems to get a nice solid hit seeker Europe.
David: I'm gonna move this way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does anybody wearing metal
Eric Rosenbaum: Or holding metal
Eric Rosenbaum: Critical was that a critical hit. No, it wasn't. No, the normal hit
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: The Ark has a scimitar
Eric Rosenbaum: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Which is metal and
Timothy Sackton: The now sort of half human, half something else is
Timothy Sackton: Also has a cemetery.
Eric Rosenbaum: Works or more or less powerful than the other.
Mike Sackton: Guys, it's hard to tell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, all right. I will
Eric Rosenbaum: Direct my flaming running renick heat middle energy at the orcs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dimitar
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: He needs to make a con SAVE I believe
Eric Rosenbaum: That sounds right.
Timothy Sackton: What's your
Timothy Sackton: What's your spell.
Timothy Sackton: What's your spell save DC
Timothy Sackton: Should say right on the top of your
Mike Sackton: If you click on spells as at the top of your character sheet to spell attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Says plus five.
Mike Sackton: Next to the
Timothy Sackton: Other things
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so it makes it
Eric Rosenbaum: Safe. Oh.
Timothy Sackton: Let me see what
Timothy Sackton: Ass.
Timothy Sackton: Too many visit, but I'm trying to read the description, the spell.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as you as you cause the
Timothy Sackton: The object to glow.
Timothy Sackton: It gets hot, and it's
Timothy Sackton: searing its hand. It doesn't drop the object, but it does have disadvantage on attack roles until the start of your next turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: And does it take for damage.
Timothy Sackton: It takes the damage automatically. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, it was
Timothy Sackton: strong smell.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I have to roll.
Timothy Sackton: It roll for you already.
Voted
Eric Rosenbaum: I see.
Timothy Sackton: Right, that's the
Timothy Sackton: fire damage.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: That ends. Your turn.
Timothy Sackton: So now it is going to be
Timothy Sackton: It's going to be the orcs turn
Timothy Sackton: And the orc is going to
Let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Suddenly, the room is plunged into darkness.
Great.
David: Or
David: Drift globes can undo that. Yeah.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Damn.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you're not active right
David: Correct.
At the moment,
David: We have to use them, but we can undo it.
David: At least as an action.
Timothy Sackton: So it's 15 foot radius. Oh, that's
Timothy Sackton: Basically that
Timothy Sackton: Well, that's gonna be pretty annoying because you can actually move anything. Let me just try it.
Timothy Sackton: Basically, that is all in darkness.
Timothy Sackton: You can now see anything.
Timothy Sackton: Even if you cannot see anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that, and it's turn
Timothy Sackton: So now it's Kansas turn
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I can't see that it's right next to me if it's right next to me.
Timothy Sackton: No, you can't see where it is. I mean, you can sense roughly where it is.
Timothy Sackton: But all your tax of disadvantage.
David: You can just put your drift club and cast daily with it.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you could do that. You could cast daylight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can cast daylight.
Mike Sackton: With your drift globe.
Timothy Sackton: Once per day. You can cap daylight. Cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll do that. Can I do that and attack.
Timothy Sackton: Now, that's your action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, but I'm still invisible.
Timothy Sackton: Currently are invisible. Yeah, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I had not attacked yet.
Timothy Sackton: Correct.
Eric Rosenbaum: You might
Eric Rosenbaum: Want to move on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, first I do that I do the daylight thing is that work.
Mike Sackton: Does that make. Well, that's, that's your action, though.
Timothy Sackton: Is your action and it also ends and visibility.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel is most useful to do for everybody. I'm for the common good, all
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can move though afterwards. Right.
Timothy Sackton: Now you can move afterwards. So you pull out your Jeph Loeb
Timothy Sackton: And just like massive flash of sunlight just burst out across the room.
Timothy Sackton: dispelling the darkness. Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And now I will move like
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: It will get an Attack of Opportunity on you as you move away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh really, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: But a disadvantage because of the heat metal
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, fine us, man. I should you stay there.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, just stay there.
David: There.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll stay here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Ah, that is going to bring up this creature who
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I do a secondary move little can't tell you the secondary attack thing.
Timothy Sackton: Only if you make your action and attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see. Okay. All right, I'm done.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, this one's gonna run here.
Timothy Sackton: So you get an Attack of Opportunity on it as it runs past sweet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh geez.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's me me cancer. Right.
Timothy Sackton: Yep, yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will do that with my staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I will
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Smack it
Timothy Sackton: You smack and it just completely ignores you as it charges past seemingly unaffected by your attack.
What
Timothy Sackton: And then
Timothy Sackton: Swings at sitar at
Timothy Sackton: Seeker.
Timothy Sackton: Which hats.
Timothy Sackton: For eight points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, and you have to make a
Timothy Sackton: Concentrate I constitution saving throw
Eric Rosenbaum: So how do I do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just like roll constitution.
Mike Sackton: Quick on the con saving throw section.
Mike Sackton: Ready strength you like
Timothy Sackton: As
Timothy Sackton: Oh flashes into you, you lose your concentration on the heat metal spell.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, fans.
Timothy Sackton: Okay resume and Europe.
Damn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Uh oh. Well, so much for quiet stealthy, whatever. Now we just got a plugin survive.
Kate Sackton: Yes, it's a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Magical doppelganger
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bucky major monster.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Guitar guys
David: These were all the creatures in the tower, though, right.
Timothy Sackton: You never went, I
Timothy Sackton: Never went to the first floor, but yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: As far as you all the
Eric Rosenbaum: Great.
Kate Sackton: Mean, I guess.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you haven't made much noise yet. Ah.
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could cast as many as two thunder waves.
Timothy Sackton: That would make a lot of
Kate Sackton: All right, well, the guy near me as one who didn't really care when he got it. I'm not sure Warhammer.
Kate Sackton: Change my plan. And even though he
Kate Sackton: Fell
Mike Sackton: Well, your Warhammer is magic. It might matter.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it might make a sound.
Mike Sackton: Aren't you using your magic Warhammer.
Kate Sackton: I haven't
Mike Sackton: You haven't attuned to that yet.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you can still use it. You just can't activate it. I mean, you can always use something even if you're not attuned to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can't do. What does that mean to a team to it.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, certain magic items.
Timothy Sackton: You need to like
Timothy Sackton: You need to be like connected to them to get their benefits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, it's like
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like Bluetooth pairing right but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do you do that. Can you just use you right now.
Timothy Sackton: Are short rest you need to do it during your short rest. Oh, you took a short rest.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah yeah
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So she she totally attuned to it. How about you know
Eric Rosenbaum: I remember that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When that happened, yeah. Completely that would have been completely that's what
Timothy Sackton: You were tuning to our items we were, you know, looking at the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Getting our spells back you know
Sir,
Eric Rosenbaum: Kind of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: decided you were a tune it was a
Kate Sackton: It was so tuning so
Kate Sackton: So anyway, I
Kate Sackton: Wish my warhammer and sure I'll use a special Warhammer. But I won't
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, it is gonna make a thunder wave level amount of sound.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I don't do
Timothy Sackton: It unless you do that.
Kate Sackton: Right, has it has, I have to choose to whereas mice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As you can just use it to attack with it.
Timothy Sackton: You can just use that to attack without activating the fun. Perfect.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, awesome has a
Destruction attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sounds quiet.
Eric Rosenbaum: That might not go on the floor. But yeah, that sounds good.
Kate Sackton: So I maybe I should do that.
Timothy Sackton: Well, that doesn't do anything to creatures that just does extra damage to structures, an
Kate Sackton: Outage right
Timothy Sackton: Objects. It doesn't do anything.
Kate Sackton: That destructive to creatures just objects. Okay.
Kate Sackton: And the new thing. I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: You can just make a normal attack.
Kate Sackton: Yes, but I also yes alright using a Warhammer. One of my favorite Warhammer is I'm carrying too because
Kate Sackton: I
Kate Sackton: Hit, but I'm going to do a smite if I hit
Timothy Sackton: Ah, because that
Timothy Sackton: That does have just barely hats.
Kate Sackton: Well, to make it slightly less terrible. I'm also gonna
I'm
Timothy Sackton: bonus action.
Kate Sackton: Actions hearing that the Syrian smite
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean technically you're supposed to cast that before you
Kate Sackton: Well, I was trying to do it in the right order by saying that I was doing it.
Timothy Sackton: Right, right, right, right, right. So yeah, so steering smite does an extra one d six fire damage. I believe it catches on fire. Is that right,
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I'm here where it is spells and yep
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: So that does an extra six points of fire damage. So a total of 15
Timothy Sackton: And as you swing your hammer this magical hammer connects
Timothy Sackton: And does like a significant blow. And how's that catches on fire like yelps
Timothy Sackton: Sort of screeching a little bit badly wounded.
Timothy Sackton: Or is the total 16 1515 okay um
Timothy Sackton: And that will now bring us back to the top around to do with
Mike Sackton: OK.
Mike Sackton: I will tak the creature in
Mike Sackton: Front of me.
Mike Sackton: Which is a lungs.
Mike Sackton: But I'm also I think going to
Mike Sackton: bonus action. Well, I'll just attack it.
Timothy Sackton: Does your, your packed weapon causes magical
Mike Sackton: Or yes, it counts as much
Mike Sackton: Wow.
Timothy Sackton: One handed okay eight damage. So as you swing your sword, something like summoning the sort of tangible so shadow around that you slice through this creature in it yelps as it
Timothy Sackton: Was at eight points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: That collapses to the ground. As your sword connects the magical like shadow tendrils of surrounding your blade cutting through its flash
Timothy Sackton: Ah, do you want to move. It's now dad.
Mike Sackton: Yes, I am moving
Timothy Sackton: Well be your next
David: Can I hide here and then to
Timothy Sackton: Hear from. Yeah, you could, yeah, you could do that you're small
Timothy Sackton: Technically speaking, you could hide behind Kenzo
David: Yeah, and shoot between his legs.
Timothy Sackton: And to between his legs.
David: I will try this round the
David: First one.
Timothy Sackton: Yep.
So,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, just, I don't know what
Timothy Sackton: Just roll well 3D sex.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so eight plus three. So 11 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: On the org
Timothy Sackton: OK, so another arrow pin cushions, the orc.
Timothy Sackton: It's, it's looking a bit shaken up
Timothy Sackton: And okay so
Timothy Sackton: Secret Europe.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will
Eric Rosenbaum: hop around
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that a third guy still asleep should be like bind immersive like that.
Timothy Sackton: That will sleep out
Eric Rosenbaum: Who would be a good person to do that. And also, like, how long do these rounds take in in
Timothy Sackton: Six seconds.
Timothy Sackton: So it's gonna be asleep for a while.
A minute.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're okay for now.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will aim my crossbow at the orc.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you gotta get like there to be able to shoot at it. Oh.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, God,
Eric Rosenbaum: Having a great
Eric Rosenbaum: crossbow day
Timothy Sackton: That
Timothy Sackton: Natural 20
Timothy Sackton: Amazing excellent cost per day.
Timothy Sackton: Your Costco again.
Timothy Sackton: Just this thing is just pin cushion with arrows as
Timothy Sackton: FUNC FUNC FUNC
Timothy Sackton: Multiple arrows studied it looks around now bleeding badly wounded.
Timothy Sackton: Looks around again at
Timothy Sackton: snarling and points that cemetery you and is kind of like, this is not the end.
Timothy Sackton: Shouting in
Timothy Sackton: Broken common
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it's going can't really get past this. And it's a little bit
Timothy Sackton: trapped here. Okay, it's gonna swing at Kenzo cemetery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And he's gonna guess
Timothy Sackton: And it's gonna mess.
Timothy Sackton: Ringing again.
Timothy Sackton: Mess.
Timothy Sackton: And then it's just like looking around feeling trapped and well
Timothy Sackton: Yes, engage as a bonus action and then run 1234
Timothy Sackton: Cry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can you run past isn't building it doesn't see you're getting it back then.
Timothy Sackton: Disengage is disengaged as a bonus action.
Timothy Sackton: And now, and has turned
David: That brings up
David: Hands Oh, sorry. I think I'm going to use my reaction to move half my mood.
Timothy Sackton: Right, yeah. And it is turn in your
David: Is very exciting.
Timothy Sackton: Very exciting.
David: With the move of 25% remove 10 or
Timothy Sackton: Now it's 10 because you always run down
Yes.
David: He's headed to the top of the North
Timothy Sackton: He's headed to the top of the map. Yes.
David: And it's just really helped, but I'll move there at least
Timothy Sackton: Okay Ah that ends his turn, Kenza Europe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, I get over here and 30 battery here here.
Mike Sackton: Here just I'd run after him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, but I can get in front of them, right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah yeah and get in front of them. All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll go right there. And I'll talk
I got
Timothy Sackton: That misses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On arms. Oh, I'm going to use. I'm going to use one of my things
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, he's flurry blows.
Timothy Sackton: Or two unarmed strikes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or the first one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Fat heads.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then I use blurry.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come on the dead yet.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes, with your, with your second punch.
Timothy Sackton: List this with your quarter staff and he dark side of the way and then one head.
Timothy Sackton: Second head he slumps down and it has these as these slipping away. He says here, I'm sort of monitoring in his death.
Timothy Sackton: Vengeance will be ours.
Timothy Sackton: And he collapses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um,
David: Well, well not
Yours specifically
Timothy Sackton: The other one is still asleep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Should we tie them up, what are we doing with this other guy over here.
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: We should tie him up, we should see what's in this room here we go read get the woman upstairs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll go get voila, you guys time up
David: Hey blindfold.
Mike Sackton: Is this a human.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Mike Sackton: You mean ask
Eric Rosenbaum: You then
Mike Sackton: Turn into a creature
Timothy Sackton: That's probably yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh dear, knock them out like make him unconscious
Kate Sackton: decapitating
We need to like
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: It does this guy work for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I think we want to knock them out like unconscious knock them out.
Timothy Sackton: You can do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, let's get them.
Mike Sackton: Let's not bring them in here and tie him up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes. And I'm going to go up and see how ball is doing is bola
Timothy Sackton: bola. Yep.
Mike Sackton: Um, what's in this room. Well, Kansas, doing that.
Timothy Sackton: And looks like a
Timothy Sackton: Mean, it looks like lived in quarters, not very
Timothy Sackton: Nothing very fancy in the
Timothy Sackton: In the chest, which is not locked you find
Timothy Sackton: A pair of of daggers a cloak a backpack with some rations.
Timothy Sackton: Some thieves tools.
Timothy Sackton: ball bearings
Timothy Sackton: A
Timothy Sackton: Small hand crossbow with some some bolts that goes with that.
Timothy Sackton: Torches
Mike Sackton: It's like adventure supplies.
Timothy Sackton: Adventure gears. Yeah, so
Mike Sackton: Maybe voice.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Otherwise, there's nothing I mean there's no there's no treasure in here on the dead body. There's of the orc. There's
Timothy Sackton: No, he's got cemetery and he has some darts, but nothing in very good repair.
Timothy Sackton: No treasure.
Mike Sackton: Any writing
Timothy Sackton: Know, writing
Eric Rosenbaum: What about on the person of the
Eric Rosenbaum: When we tied up
Timothy Sackton: The nothing on the you know the pockets empty this person seems to be
Timothy Sackton: You know, wearing like a Coke with a hood, but otherwise.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not carrying anything
Eric Rosenbaum: And they look just like a normal adult human
Timothy Sackton: Yep.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of nondescript features.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Society man, Mr.
Kate Sackton: Boxes and barrel anything on this.
Timothy Sackton: So the barrel is full of water.
Timothy Sackton: The boxes have one of them has like dried meat of discrimination hard to distinguish origin.
Timothy Sackton: The other is full.
Timothy Sackton: Of like a course like oatmeal type Grewal
Timothy Sackton: Like grain sort of thing. And then the third one is empty.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's going on with that role pile.
Timothy Sackton: So this is
Timothy Sackton: Like there's the map is not really great. They should just be like stones across that there's a wall that goes across here and then there's like rubble kind of piled up against.
Timothy Sackton: The walls, it looks like this tower is, you know, like one wall kind of collapse, you know, bits of the wall fell down a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: Some damage from something it doesn't look reason
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm going to get bola
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes. Alright, so it's and I go up the stairs, but now I'm no longer invisible.
Timothy Sackton: Right, okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I go out. What is she doing
Timothy Sackton: She is
Timothy Sackton: Sort of listening at the top of the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: Silent waiting
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, does she look like she looks better. Now, does she look like she can move around, around, she needed help.
Timothy Sackton: She looks. She definitely looks better with the healing potion.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I go up to the top of the stairs. I say bola hands up the invisible guy. Nice to meet you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should get out of heaven.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You need any help.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You move on your own.
Timothy Sackton: I can move. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like your job, my hand and make her help lead her down the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: She kind of like, you know, presses you off a bit and kind of says
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yo thanks
Timothy Sackton: I'm fine. I mean,
Timothy Sackton: I'm not a fine. I've been in this damn play again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's get out of here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's get out of here. So he doesn't. So I just I just you know i i move at her face though she's like walking. Sorry, I just stayed just
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean, she is like she gets wounded, but she's like not really that worth often say like seeker is at the moment after having talked about all the potion that helped a lot.
Timothy Sackton: About right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I go down to where all the conflict compatriots our
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Team.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is voila, we'll do proper introductions. A little bit later, but first, how about we get the hell out of here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there anything else we need to search here should be maybe go back to the other tower.
Kate Sackton: That she went to gear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, is this your stuff.
Timothy Sackton: That is my stuff.
Timothy Sackton: I would love my stuff.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you very much.
Timothy Sackton: She'd like gathers gathers are things
Timothy Sackton: Gets really equipped with weapons and she still had on her armor, but like weapons in gear and things
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kind of weapons.
Timothy Sackton: daggers and a hand crossbow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Role at the summit sound like crazy question, but is there any chance this person that we've tied up is going to turn into a person and escape from the bonds.
Timothy Sackton: Hundred percent
Eric Rosenbaum: Glad I asked, do any suggestions.
Timothy Sackton: Kill it.
Oh boy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We knocked it out of me.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's unconscious. But I mean,
Timothy Sackton: Not going to stay that way forever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, says the BM
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ebola. I just wanted to call it. Should we kill this guy.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That old saying, Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim the DM. I was like, this is the most like pointed advice, we've ever gotten
Eric Rosenbaum: A direct question so
Kate Sackton: You gotta do your female heroine voice.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like
That, that's great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wants to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you want to do the honors.
Timothy Sackton: If these things are. When I fought before. I'm not sure my weapons. Can I heard that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think this might be a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: risk return or a
Deal with thing.
Mike Sackton: I dealt with will summon a
dagger.
Mike Sackton: And just chatted with like a shadow. We black dagger appears in his hand.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Volo watches this with interest and kind of
Timothy Sackton: Know what's what's happening, but doesn't say anything.
Timothy Sackton: Lies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now I now and doing some insight, Tim, like what's going on with always she like scared of us and youth of US likes like curious like grateful.
Timothy Sackton: For her, she is. She's um
Timothy Sackton: Well, why did you roll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: Rolling
Only
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Part of the game and will rip the old nice
Really
Timothy Sackton: You just get a 20 on everything.
Timothy Sackton: So, um,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, she is a she seems guarded by
Timothy Sackton: It's a little bit hard to, I mean, she certainly wasn't expecting this crew. She wasn't she's she seems a bit surprised to see you. But that's maybe not to unusual given
Timothy Sackton: The situation, um, you know, she's a
Timothy Sackton: You know she seems she seems like she definitely seems like an adventure like she's not you know she's been knocked down but she's ready to kind of get up and move on.
All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She trusts us
Timothy Sackton: Know you don't get the sense that she's. I mean, I mean, yes. Right. Like, she's not like actively suspicious of you. She's not like super friendly, you get the sense. She's kind of a bit of a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Red, but she's happy.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, she's definitely happier, they're
All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um, so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't we get some place where we can talk more quietly. Should we go back to the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm talking to the party. Should we go to the tower or back to the tunnel.
Kate Sackton: We gotta go through the tunnel anyway right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. Yeah, let's go to the tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bullet you know if there's a place we can be a little bit more quiet that we're not going to get interrupted right around here.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Whole place seems rather dangerous to me.
Timothy Sackton: I was never able to get into that. Another tower, though you have a way in. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's go will show you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we go. Can we go the other tower is we have to go to the tower. Anyways, to get out to the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So yeah, we go into the tower.
Mike Sackton: We can find out why she's here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I'm trying to find a place to talk right
Mike Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: If you by the door. The
Timothy Sackton: Towers.
Timothy Sackton: Would be quite safe, right, I mean nobody seems to have been in there and many years. All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So can we get into the tower and then have a closing conversation.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I just realized how late it is so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, rap. But just like we should have this conversation now and then we can wrap it up and
Timothy Sackton: If people can feel for that. I'm happy to
Timothy Sackton: Mike looks like it's falling asleep.
Mike Sackton: I am. But if it's just a couple. I assume it's not going to be very long conversation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's just finish. Finish up here. I'm so will
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know this is this is all we don't know who you are. And this whole situation is crazy to us. We're here trying to figure out information ourselves, but these are the companions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On and if you guys want to introduce yourself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or I can do it for you.
Eric Rosenbaum: We say or dance. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Dallas on to all introduced
Mike Sackton: That was introduced himself.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Where are you from,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Talking to
Timothy Sackton: All of you.
Mike Sackton: Most recently,
Mike Sackton: I'm blanking on the name of the town can can
Mike Sackton: Caroline.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David: What's her accent.
Timothy Sackton: Charter Iranian
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Word. All right.
Timothy Sackton: She's not speaking, Denmark, she's speaking in in common.
Eric Rosenbaum: We all met in Kerala.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we're part of an effort to
Eric Rosenbaum: Protect these lands from a threat to them.
Kate Sackton: We're not keen on poisoned water thorns or
Mike Sackton: What was the name of the guy who were investigating
David: I'll say to her.
David: Or
Did
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You say,
David: Let's say to her arcas is dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David: And what's her reaction very carefully.
Timothy Sackton: She, she definitely reacts like she knows the name and seems
Timothy Sackton: Like briefly sad, but then sort of tries to hide it.
David: So why did each of you go individually.
Timothy Sackton: Go.
Timothy Sackton: Where go, what are you referring to
David: Well, I'm sure will form more trust for each other at some point.
Timothy Sackton: I still don't really know why you're here. Exactly.
David: Well, you tell us why you're here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Lovely care just all just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Chill, chill for a second here. Everybody of Allah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We are trying to understand what the hell is going on up here. Okay, will be very candid with you there is very strange shit happening as you are well aware.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're trying to understand the source of what's going on here. We
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In our mission of reconnaissance having found you and hopefully giving you a bit of a hand any light that you could help shed on whatever the hell is going on here with these beasts, and it is these wild animals and these undead hop goblins. What the fuck is going on over here.
Eric Rosenbaum: How's it all connected.
Timothy Sackton: How's it connected
Timothy Sackton: Can't say I know that a lot a well liked to
Timothy Sackton: What's going on huh
Timothy Sackton: Well,
Timothy Sackton: What, what do you know of what's been happening. It seems like maybe you don't know very much
David: In lateness
Timothy Sackton: She like pauses for a moment to kind of look at you.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I can tell you that
Timothy Sackton: There's
Timothy Sackton: A race of sorts.
Timothy Sackton: Or items for relax.
Timothy Sackton: There's a
Timothy Sackton: Creature
Timothy Sackton: I'm sort of fade demon
Timothy Sackton: Some
Timothy Sackton: Old spirit of the land or
Timothy Sackton: Something I don't know quite what she is. Her name is I gotta
Timothy Sackton: The color. I gotta dusk dust mother.
Timothy Sackton: And she has been
Timothy Sackton: Trying to find
Timothy Sackton: Well relics last pieces of the empire.
Timothy Sackton: Much was lost.
Timothy Sackton: Over the years, and
Timothy Sackton: Some of us in charge and
Timothy Sackton: Some of us associated with the library, the society of the open school are concerned about her.
Timothy Sackton: Motivations
Timothy Sackton: About her
Timothy Sackton: Goals for this.
Timothy Sackton: Collection project.
Timothy Sackton: And have been trying to find what relics. We can before she gets them.
Timothy Sackton: Why, exactly. She wants these artifacts. It's not clear, but I know it is not for something good.
Eric Rosenbaum: When she called the
Eric Rosenbaum: Blessed Mother.
Timothy Sackton: That's right. I don't know, um,
Timothy Sackton: This is a
You know,
Timothy Sackton: Some time ago I was
Timothy Sackton: Sent to travel north along the mountains and look, try to find a band in ruins and see if anything had been left behind and bring those things back to Chardin
Timothy Sackton: Recover the last relics of the empire.
Timothy Sackton: I was not told them the full story.
Timothy Sackton: What little I did learn about this creature and
You know,
Timothy Sackton: The, the artifacts and. And what's happening is in part from her servants three of whom you just killed
Timothy Sackton: They seem to be
Timothy Sackton: quite interested in learning
Timothy Sackton: What I knew, and what I had found and what my companions had found
Timothy Sackton: Marcus.
Timothy Sackton: And she pauses for a moment looking somewhat sad was also a member of the society.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I heard of the society.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The charger.
Timothy Sackton: You've heard of the great library and there are, you know, there are definitely you know
Timothy Sackton: So the great lot, you know, this is like one of the major institutions in China and right and you
Timothy Sackton: Know,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your story with library.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, and you know, there's always been rumors about sort of secret societies associated with the library and sort of, you know, hidden mystical orders and things like that, but you've not specifically heard of the society of the open school
David: Today, Tim, what well these like super duper skeptical of all of us. And like very anti imperialist with respect to turn, can I insight and just see like, is she telling the truth. She
David: Presumed she's leaving things out, but
Timothy Sackton: I mean, yeah, she's not telling necessarily the whole truth but you actually get the sense that she's like, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Proud of
Timothy Sackton: Arden like she her you know she's tired. She's worn down. She's like, pretty exhausted but when you know she's talking about the chart and the Empire and stuff like that she you know her. She picks up a little bit like you know she seems like a, you know, attorney and patriot of some sort.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm, Tim. We're gonna have to sort out my CARDONE and politics, between now and next time because I'm sure I've got very strong opinions.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, we can talk about that.
All right.
Kate Sackton: She doesn't know as much as we do useless. Let's get out of here.
David: What's
David: How did you get in here like how did you get this far.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's good question.
Mike Sackton: And why were you coming here.
Eric Rosenbaum: He said,
Kate Sackton: He was she didn't belong and they dragged her here. Let's get what
Mike Sackton: Whether some relic. In particular, you're looking for.
Timothy Sackton: There was many rumors of things left behind by the done Marty and
Timothy Sackton: Taken by them from the ruins of drink are and maybe stashed
Timothy Sackton: In strongholds across the land.
Timothy Sackton: There are lots of
Timothy Sackton: Hidden spots across the frontier.
Timothy Sackton: One is quiet and careful
David: Than one can successfully loot from the dunmurry
Timothy Sackton: And knows how to climb walls.
Timothy Sackton: And sneak around
Timothy Sackton: When can
Timothy Sackton: Recover the heritage of the great empire.
Eric Rosenbaum: You seem to have stumbled into
Eric Rosenbaum: A place beyond your skills, though.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, that is the damn truth.
Eric Rosenbaum: How did they get you
Timothy Sackton: Those bloody
Timothy Sackton: shapeshifter human jackal creatures can't be hurt.
Eric Rosenbaum: Except my Mac.
Mike Sackton: And you know why there's so many animals here.
Timothy Sackton: Animals.
Timothy Sackton: What animals.
David: You seen what some of the key.
Timothy Sackton: And never made it to the key.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seems to make a lot of noise.
Eric Rosenbaum: A lot of barking and yelping and roaring and mealtimes
I've heard
Timothy Sackton: Barking from the coming from the windows from the North.
Timothy Sackton: That the animals, you're talking about. It seems to have been growing over the past
Timothy Sackton: Five days.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: They've been hurting them in in collecting them.
Timothy Sackton: That's news.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim, what time of day is it
Timothy Sackton: Like dinner time like 7pm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you think we have a chance of getting out of here under cover of darkness.
Mike Sackton: Were like in retreating back to terawatt what what is getting out of here. Like, I think there's more to learn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I think I have a chance of getting out of here under the curve darkness.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David: I think you have a better chance with us, then, without
Timothy Sackton: By may be true.
David: We know, I think we have a better chance with you then without
Timothy Sackton: Could be true.
Eric Rosenbaum: It might be worth traveling together for a bit. We know some underground ways to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, look.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bullet, we were trying to we have to figure out what's going on here. I think you've got some parts of the puzzle. We've got some parts of the puzzle and we've got some learning that we can figure out in the next rush hours and then we can all try to get out of here, but this is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We need to see how this all fits together. You know what's going on with the Iron Man, Iron
Eric Rosenbaum: He probably hasn't been over there.
David: She isn't good. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's some crazy stuff on the other side of the valley.
Timothy Sackton: Interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I also need to. I feel like I need to. I need to understand what my charter your politics are to properly robot us actually
Timothy Sackton: I think it's quite so I think we should. Yeah, we
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we, can I
Eric Rosenbaum: Can all use a wrist.
Sounds good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should we schedule.
Mike Sackton: Can we already scheduled
David: We did that.